{"answer": "The point of wasting the first two plays with a. By running the ball directly up the middle, the offense. Running up the middle is also the shortest path to. Additionally, running the ball up the middle enough times will. This strategy is used to keep possession of the ball"}
{"answer": "The 10 cent difference between the different tiers of gas. The 10 cent difference does not necessarily reflect the actual. According to national averages, the price difference between regular and"}
{"answer": "The visibility of stars from a specific location depends on. The maximum number of stars visible from a city on. Stellar brightness is based on the apparent visual magnitude as. Multiple star systems are indicated by parentheses showing the individual"}
{"answer": "It is difficult to know for sure that the money. The settlement service is supported by a well-established legal framework. However, banks are the only entities allowed to participate in. Additionally, each individual bank or financial institution will decide to. Therefore, it is ultimately up to the banks to ensure"}
{"answer": "The good sides of manual transmission are that you can. The good sides of automatic transmission are that the transition. The bad sides of manual transmission is that lazy driving"}
{"answer": "Muscles grow through a process called skeletal muscle hypertrophy, which. This is achieved through increased muscle tension and physical stress,. Muscle growth is also a direct consequence of resistance training. People build muscle at different rates depending on their age,"}
{"answer": "A precipitation reaction is a type of ionic reaction in. This takes the form of a double replacement reaction, in. Examples of precipitation reactions include the reaction between calcium chloride"}
{"answer": "No, defense attorneys cannot 'throw' a case if they know. Most of the time, criminal defense attorneys lose their cases. Even when everyone knows the client is guilty, the jury. Defense attorneys want the best possible outcome for their clients,. Additionally, defense lawyers often do not ask their clients if. If a lawyer knows their client is guilty, they must"}
{"answer": "The spins are a common side effect of binge drinking,. The spinning is caused by your inebriated brain telling your. When you close your eyes, your brain is still trying"}
{"answer": "Some fish bones are edible, while others are not. Fish bones contain nutrients and are sometimes eaten on a. However, most of the time they are avoided because they. Additionally, when eating fish bones as part of the whole. Fish bones are sometimes boiled with the fish flesh to"}
{"answer": "Thinking about a movement and actually moving it involve different. When imagining a movement, research has shown that it activates. However, when actually moving, specific commands to motor neurons and. Additionally, some movement may need to be forced in order"}
{"answer": "There are several reasons why healthy food often tastes bad. One is that our taste buds are used to sweet,. Another is that our taste buds adapt to what we. Additionally, unhealthy foods are often packed with sugar, salt and. Another reason is that we are not used to eating. Lastly, it is also an evolutionary reason, as ancient humans. The combination of salt, fat, and sugar triggers serotonin, which"}
{"answer": "When you press your eyes, it causes physical force to. These phosphenes are bright spots of light or strange twisting. They can also be experienced as different colours when you\u2019re"}
{"answer": "An island is a body of land surrounded by water,. Islands may be classified as either continental or oceanic[2]. Oceanic islands are those that rise to the surface from. The list of island countries includes 50 island countries and. Australia is not included as it is considered a continent,"}
{"answer": "People may like getting drunk/sloshed/hammered/shit-faced because it helps them forget. Being hammered is a term that is more often used. The term may have originated from laborers who would come. There are an estimated 300 to 3000 words in the"}
{"answer": "When a \"too-big-to-fail\" bank goes bankrupt, it can put the. This creates an economic distortion known as moral hazard, as. The existence of banks that are too big to fail. Additionally, having large banks that are deemed \"too big to"}
{"answer": "The debate over encryption and government access to secured communications. Since then, the push for stronger encryption has been marching. However, the debate remains relevant as government authorities continue to"}
{"answer": "Beer on tap almost always tastes better than it does. When a beer takes its journey through a draft line,. Also, some breweries have a slightly different recipe for their. Additionally, beer from the tap is usually fresher than the. In addition, draft beer has always been considered better than. Finally, the experience of drinking bottled beer with friends is"}
{"answer": "It is possible to build up an immunity to some. Mithridatism is generally only effective with biologically complex types of. Examples of natural toxins include those found in plants, through. There are also poisonous substances that occur naturally in the. Poisons are of microbial, plant, animal, or synthetic origin[5]."}
{"answer": "Devices can estimate the amount of charge left in a. Coulomb Counting works by measuring the current entering (when it\u2019s. This technique of determining the SOC is aptly called \u2018Coulomb"}
{"answer": "Cold-water immersion (CWI) is sometimes used to manage muscle soreness. According to research, cold water immersion may suppress inflammation, hinder. Dr Chris Bleakley also stated that immersing yourself in cold. This is supported by a study which looked into the"}
{"answer": "There are several reasons why we like watching the same. One is that repetition breeds affection, and we tend to. This is known as the \u2018mere exposure effect\u2019, which explains. Another reason is that familiar content requires less mental effort. Additionally, watching the same film over and over again leads. There is also a deeper explanation behind this behavior that"}
{"answer": "The Beatles broke up due to a combination of factors. John Lennon wanted to dissolve the partnership and begin the. A judge decided that McCartney's request for dissolution was proper[3],. The Beatles had grown tired of Klein and sued him. The seeds of the Beatles split were sown the minute. McCartney described the breakup as the \u201cmost difficult period of"}
{"answer": "Mobile phones are built differently than other small appliances and. This is done through the use of advanced cooling mechanisms,. Older phones may be susceptible to inefficient cooling due to. Additionally, smartphones and smart tablets contain components that generate heat,"}
{"answer": "Putting metallic objects in the microwave is bad because the. The surface charge density of objects with sharp edges or. Metal is bad at absorbing microwaves and some energy from. In addition, metal generally reflects microwaves, so thick metal may"}
{"answer": "Our ancestors had a highly developed sense of taste and. Additionally, they had an instinctive fear of strangers and unknown. However, due to rapid industrial and technological advances, our evolutionary"}
{"answer": "Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell declared that any appointment by. This has led to a contentious debate and contested votes,. Despite this, the Senate has recently voted to bring Judge. This shows that presidents can, and do, behave strategically with"}
{"answer": "Insecticides in bug spray work by attacking the insect's gut. Insect repellents work by disguising the scent of humans, making. Insect repellents can also repel bugs by having strong scents[5]."}
{"answer": "There are several factors that can slow down internet speeds. These include having gadgets with slower internet technology, running background"}
{"answer": "Reducing GUI effects can impact performance because the Windows GUI,. Therefore, reducing effects improves performance as the CPU is not. Additionally, reducing GUI effects can reduce the strain on the"}
{"answer": "If you do not pay your US Federal income tax,. In addition, interest will accrue on your unpaid taxes at. Ignoring the taxes you owe is not a good idea,. Therefore, if you cannot pay your taxes, it is best"}
{"answer": "Employers require a voided personal check in order to setup. If you need to provide a voided check, you can. Although there is no rule or regulation that requires a"}
{"answer": "Derivatives are financial contracts whose value is dependent on or. In a real sense, derivatives are just a side bet. The total value of derivatives outstanding is estimated at $610. People make money off derivatives by speculating on the value"}
{"answer": "The American accent is the result of multiple waves of. The elite British rulers introduced their non-rhotic speech in America,. Slaves brought from West Africa led to the development of. German, Scandinavian and Russian immigrants all had their own distinct. Today, what is termed as the American accent is an"}
{"answer": "VHS tapes can lose their quality over time due to. The tape inside the VHS cassettes is very delicate and. Additionally, VHS tapes have moving parts, making them more prone. VHS tapes can also deteriorate over time from infrequent or. Lastly, tapes can experience \u201cfuzzy\u201d syndrome due to mold, dust,"}
{"answer": "It is not possible to produce O3 and pump it. These UV radiation cause certain chemicals to break apart and. The oxygen atoms produced in the photolysis of ozone then. This reaction is also catalysed by the presence of certain. The increase of CFCs and similar chlorinated and brominated organic"}
{"answer": "Gene therapy is a technique that uses a gene(s) to. It works by adding new copies of a gene that. The genetic material that is delivered, DNA or RNA, has. Gene therapy is an experimental treatment using genetic material to. It is a medical approach that treats or prevents disease. It is when DNA is introduced into a patient to"}
{"answer": "Yes, it is possible to be a 'man without a. The story tells of American Army lieutenant Philip Nolan, who. The story has been adapted for the screen several times,"}
{"answer": "A record's groove is actually V-shaped and carries one of. The frequency and amplitude (volume) information are a reflection of. The groove is like a fingerprint of the sound waves. A record's groove is tiny, usually around 0.04-0.08mm wide, and. The stylus, which is a needle made of a hard. As it does so, the stylus \u201crides\u201d in the grooves. If your record player has a phono preamp stage, it. This equalization curve helps preserve the sonic quality of the."}
{"answer": "When a word can belong to two different contractions, the. Contractions should be avoided in formal texts and the original. Contractions are typically formed by adding a contracted suffix, usually. Contractions act as a single word and have a definite"}
{"answer": "Eating things from other planets or moons is an interesting. However, it could become possible in the future. There are a number of things to consider when considering. For example, the wavelength of available light, the composition of. Foods would also have to be specially treated to preserve. Additionally, \u201ceating healthy\u201d would be a little different in space,. Finally, experts have warned that humans could end up eating"}
{"answer": "The Cuban Missile Crisis of October 1962 was a direct. The crisis began when Cuba allowed the Soviet Union to. A crucial moment in the crisis arrived on October 24,. vessels enforcing the blockade, which could have sparked a military. The tumultuous U.S.-Cuba relationship had its roots in the Cold. severing diplomatic ties with Cuba, pursuing covert operations to overthrow. The Cuban missile crisis strengthened Kennedy\u2019s image domestically and internationally. It also resulted in the establishment of a direct telephone."}
{"answer": "Building a nanorobot typically involves using a nanorobotic manufacturing system. Additionally, one can build pixel nanobots by setting all the. Scientists have also programmed an autonomous molecular nanorobot made out. Lastly, building pixel nanobots on a computer screen can be"}
{"answer": "Rain is fresh and not salty because only water evaporates. When the water vapor is lifted into the air, it. The tiny parcels of salt can sometimes mix with the"}
{"answer": "Most viral videos now have licensing info in the description. These licenses allow platforms to incorporate user content in their. This ensures that the user has the rights to use"}
{"answer": "A MAC address (media access control address) is a 12-digit. It is a unique identifier assigned to a NIC (Network. The MAC address works on the OSI model's data link. The Address Resolution Protocol (ARP), a layer 2 communication protocol,"}
{"answer": "Adept music players are able to start playing along to. They are able to recognize patterns in the music, and. They also know the key the music is in, so. By knowing this, they can make educated guesses that will. Lastly, they have put in the time to learn and"}
{"answer": "If you ground up a piece of pure iron and. Iron from food is absorbed in the small intestine, specifically. To make iron supplements absorbable, they contain different amounts of"}
{"answer": "The actual cause of the common itch is not always. Scratching the itch is a way to provide relief from. Scratching can temporarily relieve the itch, but it can also"}
{"answer": "When you space out, your brain is essentially taking a. It can be due to things like stress, fatigue, or. It can also be beneficial, as it allows your brain. In these moments, your brain can continue processing in the"}
{"answer": "A floating neutral is an electrical issue that occurs when. This poses serious risks to both people and properties, such. It can also lead to high power bills and other. It is important to contact an electrician as soon as"}
{"answer": "Childbirth is difficult and painful because of evolutionary trade-offs that. The human pelvis changed in ways that made the birth. The pelvic floor and canal have balanced supporting internal organs. This is known as the \"obstetrical dilemma\"[4], as humans must."}
{"answer": "American TV shows are extremely popular around the world. In France, the top ten American exports involve some form. In South Korea, ABC's Scandal is the most popular American. American TV shows can provide viewers with an insight into. Furthermore, many international shows have been popular in the US. However, in Japan, American shows are rare, while in Europe"}
{"answer": "Service animals can help autistic children in a variety of. They can provide constant positive companionship, make difficult transitions easier,. They can also help to deflect emotions in negative situations,. Service animals are also trained to recognize and gently interrupt. Finally, they should be treated primarily as a tool that"}
{"answer": "Books downloaded from the library need to be \"returned\" after. If the title is reserved, the book must be returned. If you used other software to access your book, you. If a book has not been returned on time or"}
{"answer": "Stephen Hawking used a speech-generating device (SGD) or a voice. This device either supplements or replaces speech/writing and was used. He had to replace the entire computer system every two. To control the computer, Hawking used a thumb switch and. By squeezing his cheek muscles and \"blinking\" an infra-red switch,. Finally, to speak the complete sentence out loud, Hawking used. It had an unmistakable accent, which had been diversely described"}
{"answer": "Self-driving cars use a combination of sensor inputs, speed, and. To make this decision, the car must consider the risk. As seen in the Uber accident of 2018, when self-driving. As such, self-driving cars should not be given the right"}
{"answer": "Eating spicy food can make you sweat because it contains. In rare cases, it could be a sign of an"}
{"answer": "It is not possible to have an obese goalie in. The goalie needs to move quickly in order to protect. The goalie equipment rules are the same or more restrictive. Taller goalies can have larger pads, which block even more. Additionally, an obese goalie would not be able to see"}
{"answer": "Computers can generate truly random numbers by observing some outside. They can also generate \u201cpseudorandom\u201d numbers by using an algorithm. To generate true, uncrackable randomness, computers need to do something. They can also use mathematical operations and variables (like the. These numbers are random enough for most applications, but if"}
{"answer": "There are several possible explanations for why gas prices do. One is that gas station owners worry that when the. Another explanation is that when oil prices rapidly increase, the. Research has also found that gas prices fall twice as. Additionally, the current unrest with the Russia Ukraine conflict could"}
{"answer": "A linear induction motor (LIM) is an alternating current (AC),. It operates on the principle of electromagnetic induction[3], and is. It is similar in construction to a circular motor that. Unlike a circular induction motor, a linear induction motor shows."}
{"answer": "The point of money is to provide people with security,"}
{"answer": "Charge builds up in a cloud due to the friction. The friction of colliding droplets of water and ice knocks. As water droplets rise, they encounter colder air temperatures and. As the static charge buildup in the storm cloud increases,"}
{"answer": "Sea turtles are able to find their way back to. Studies have shown that juvenile turtles are able to use. This suggests that, even if a hypothetical turtle was placed."}
{"answer": "A home equity loan is a type of loan that. It is calculated as the difference between your home\u2019s market. You will receive a lump-sum payment and will repay the"}
{"answer": "The rule for the use of \u201can\u201d or \u201ca\u201d is. This rule applies regardless of spelling[2], and is essential when. Additionally, we also use \u201ca\u201d or \u201can\u201d to refer to"}
{"answer": "We have two small nostrils instead of one larger nostril. Firstly, having two nostrils gives us stereoscopic smell, which means. Secondly, two nostrils offer less resistance to airflow than a. Thirdly, we have something called the nasal cycle, where we. Fourthly, the nostrils are separated by the septum, which can. And finally, the airflow between both nostrils is not always"}
{"answer": "Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) is a standardized exterior gateway protocol. It is used to Exchange routing information for the internet. It is classified as a path-vector routing protocol and makes. BGP is the routing method that enables the Internet to"}
{"answer": "Street harassment is not a compliment because it is an. It makes women feel vulnerable and weak[4], and many women. Street harassment is not the same as giving a friendly. It has a real and enormous impact on victims' lives[2]."}
{"answer": "Fake meat is often made from plant proteins such as. The texture of fake meat is achieved by breaking down. Lastly, food manufacturers season the faux meat to mimic the"}
{"answer": "The body does not produce oil like the face does. The body has to spend more resources to produce the. Also, when oil is removed from the skin, the same. To prevent this, it is important to induce a production. However, this does not mean you should stop using face"}
{"answer": "The use of dash cameras in Asia has increased significantly,. This number is expected to continue to grow as more. While there are no regulations on installing a dash cam. In Korea, where the concept has originally started, users have"}
{"answer": "Second day chili is better because it allows the flavors. Also, the chili can develop a thicker and more sumptuous. Furthermore, any leftovers from the first day will taste even. Finally, the extra time in the fridge gives the flavor"}
{"answer": "The cost of a Tv Pc Screen varies depending on. Large computer monitors usually cost above Rs 25,000[2]. Large computer monitors are usually found above a screen size. For monitors, the standard size ranges from 18-inches to 32-inches"}
{"answer": "No, if you have no sense of taste, you cannot. The heat or spiciness from the pepper is not a. This false alert your brain interprets as a blast of"}
{"answer": "Turboprop airplanes are able to stay balanced without the use. This is different from helicopters, which use tail rotors to. Coaxial helicopters, or those with one individual rotor, also use"}
{"answer": "The main difference between an air-conditioner and a marine air. Marine air conditioners are also typically self-contained and have access. Marine air conditioners also discharge their water overboard, whereas a"}
{"answer": "Adding an amendment to the Constitution to award DC the. Additionally, the Voting Rights Act of 1965 established a process. This extra layer of protection makes it difficult for the. states."}
{"answer": "The printing press was invented in China by Wang Chen. Johannes Gutenberg was a political exile from Mainz, Germany when. It took him several years to perfect his invention, the. The Printing Revolution that the press started allowed for the"}
{"answer": "While it is currently highly unlikely for two people to. However, optical scanners are the easiest to trick[1], and false. Additionally, there have been cases where people have been falsely. Therefore, while it may be possible in the future to"}
{"answer": "A military can overthrow a government by executing a coup. Different typologies of coups have been offered by scholars, such. In order to prevent a coup, rulers often adopt coup-proofing. In the case of Mali, the junta has overthrown the"}
{"answer": "Binary code is a system that represents numbers, text, and. Computers use binary code to process and store information since. When a programmer writes code and programs for a computer,. Instead, they use a programming language that helps them get. Programming languages include a compiler, which is a tool that. This binary code is then used by the computer to"}
{"answer": "Spicy food can stay spicy when it comes out the. Additionally, it is possible that we have trained ourselves to. Spicy foods usually contain a compound called capsaicin, which is. To become more tolerant of spicy food, people should introduce"}
{"answer": "When you light a lighter in front of a TV,. This is caused by the fine lines etched into the. When light interference occurs, one color of light is cancelled"}
{"answer": "It is important to provide attribution for the source of. Most of the time, simply providing an in-text citation and. However, in some cases, such as the use of certain. Plagiarism can easily be avoided by referencing correctly[3]. Therefore, it is important to consider whether you have a"}
{"answer": "China claims Taiwan as part of its own territory and. China exerts considerable diplomatic pressure on other countries not to. Taiwan has been living under the constant threat of an. Beijing has intensified its claim over Taiwan since Tsai Ing-wen. Chinese President Xi Jinping has pledged to pursue peaceful reunification"}
{"answer": "The word 'cunt' is considered a taboo word in the. for a variety of reasons. It is associated with misogyny and has been used to. Additionally, the Federal Communications Commission has added it to their. Finally, it is considered very offensive due to its strong"}
{"answer": "The human voice is produced by a process called vocalization,. The uniqueness of the human voice lies in our ability. While we don't know whether we have evolved to have. Luckily, computer algorithms are still able to make the most"}
{"answer": "AK47s are not an \"accurate\" rifle because they are not. The AK also doesn't have the same precision or accuracy. Real life accuracy values, which can be found in the"}
{"answer": "It is common to not remember what happened when you. This usually happens when a person has had five or. Alcohol can also prevent your brain from encoding what you\u2019re. This can lead to having gaps in your memory from"}
{"answer": "There is a difference between the global water cycle and. The global water cycle involves all of the water on. We are not necessarily \"losing\" freshwater, but rather, we are. Wasting water does not directly hurt the global environment, since. Rather, wasting water hurts humans, as it leaves them with. Additionally, wasting too much water can hurt the local environment"}
{"answer": "The Insane Clown Posse has grown a large cult following. This past weekend, Juggalos gathered in Washington, D.C. to protest the FBI who has refused to rescind the. The Juggalos have embraced their poverty and accept anyone into"}
{"answer": "The best way for a relatively skinny but unhealthy guy. It is also important to consume a low-fat, low-carb protein. Additionally, it is important to work out regularly in order"}
{"answer": "Swear words related to genitals and/or sexuality are considered offensive. This is likely because male sexuality has usually been considered. Historical evidence suggests that this is because people had little. Additionally, racist, sexist, and fatist terms have become more taboo"}
{"answer": "Birds typically know not to sit on their unfertilized eggs. Unfertilized eggs do not develop and the bird may become. Fertilization occurs internally before the egg is laid, as the. If the bird clutches and sits on the eggs, they"}
{"answer": "Implementing a substantial basic income has been argued to reduce. This is because workers may not find jobs that suit. Additionally, research has found that payroll subsidies for manual workers,. Other studies have also found that increases in the minimum. Finally, there is evidence that the employment effects of wage. \"Job opportunities\" is a different metric, which refers to the"}
{"answer": "The Venezuelan legislative elections in December of 2020 resulted in. The National Electoral Council (CNE) also awarded victory to the. The presidential election in May 2018 had a turnout of. Several countries, including the European Union, the Organization of American. However, other countries, such as China, Cuba, Iran, Russia, Syria,."}
{"answer": "The G-spot is located a few centimeters along the inner. It is a sensitive area that may be part of. However, it varies from person to person and other factors"}
{"answer": "Putting metal in the microwave can be dangerous because the. Additionally, the metal can reflect the microwaves back to the. There is metal in the microwave already, such as the. When using metal in the microwave, it is important to. Additionally, some metals, such as aluminum, are designed to absorb"}
{"answer": "Traffic lights use detectors to detect when a car arrives. The most common technique is the inductive loop, which is. Detectors can also detect when too many cars are stacked. Some intersections also have cameras which can detect the presence. For large cities, the traffic lights may simply operate on"}
{"answer": "The size of the universe is vast and estimated to. It has been expanding for almost 13.8 billion years at"}
{"answer": "School hours and corporate working hours do not match because. This is a real crisis for families with both working. Some have suggested reducing the workday for all staff (without"}
{"answer": "The Warsaw Uprising was an armed insurrection during the Second. The uprising started on August 1, 1944 and lasted until. The impetus for the military action was the ongoing retreat. The majority of participants in the uprising were members of"}
{"answer": "The primary difference between natural selection and genetic drift is. Natural selection is usually driven as a response to an. Natural selection is not random and represents only positive change/adaptation[4],. Natural selection is influenced by changes in environmental conditions[4], while. Lastly, gene flow helps keep alleles in a population homogenized[4],"}
{"answer": "Professional athletes have a significantly lower pulse than the average. This means that more oxygen gets delivered to the muscles,. It is also thought to be due to intrinsic changes. However, a low resting heart rate should not be taken"}
{"answer": "The Pirate Bay Megathread is a thread on the /r/Piracy. It includes links to torrent sites, direct download sites, trainers. The megathread is no longer maintained and users are cautioned. However, it is regularly updated with new links or periodically. Users who have critiques or suggestions for the megathread or"}
{"answer": "Landlords make money from rental properties in several ways. First, they collect rent from tenants, and what's left in. Second, landlords bank on the rental property appreciating in long-term. Third, they look at the capitalization rate, which is the. Fourth, they often pay a portion of the house price"}
{"answer": "The reintroduction of wolves to Yellowstone has had a mostly. Wolves have impacted the ecosystem by changing the feeding habits. However, it is difficult to accurately measure the full extent"}
{"answer": "The main difference between a CEO and the President of. The CEO is the highest-ranking officer in the company and. The CEO is typically responsible for deciding and pursuing the. In smaller companies, the roles of CEO and president are"}
{"answer": "Grounding is important in order to prevent electric shock. Grounding provides a safe path for stray voltage to follow,. It is also important for electric workers to stay on. While grounding does cause immediate operation of a circuit protective"}
{"answer": "People usually get the plague through the bite of fleas. It can also be spread through direct contact with a. Contact with contaminated fluid or tissue of a plague-infected animal. The plague bacteria, Y. pestis, can infect the lymph nodes (bubonic plague), cause damage. Bubonic plague is usually contracted from flea bites, but it. Pneumonic plague is uncommon but can spread from person to."}
{"answer": "It is possible for a person to have bruised lungs. A bruise is treated like a fracture in most cases,. A doctor will diagnose a bruised rib by reviewing symptoms. If the rib is fractured, the pointy ends of the"}
{"answer": "When dentists scrape at your teeth with those metal picks,. They use specially shaped curettes and hand scalers to clean. They may also use a slow speed drill with a"}
{"answer": "A real number is a number that can take any. An imaginary number is a number that, when squared, has. Complex numbers are a combination of real and imaginary numbers,. All real numbers are also complex numbers with zero for"}
{"answer": "Jeopardy contestants study for the show in different ways. They may use a study guide to help them memorize. They may also have a natural ability to learn and"}
{"answer": "The WikiLeaks and Julian Assange debacle began in 2010 when. This led to criticism from the Australian Prime Minister, Julia. This was followed by a revolt within her party and. Daniel Domscheit-Berg, the German spokesman for WikiLeaks, resigned in September. Domscheit-Berg left with a small group to start OpenLeaks, a. In February 2011, Domscheit-Berg released a tell-all book about his"}
{"answer": "Homeopathy is a 200-year-old form of alternative medicine that claims. It is based on the idea that if a substance. Homeopathy is a medical system that was developed in Germany. It was developed by Dr. Samuel Hahnemann and it believes that using extremely minute diluted"}
{"answer": "A high protein, low carb diet is generally considered to. It may also help to lower blood sugar, insulin, bad. Additionally, it may improve blood sugar control, lower your risk"}
{"answer": "Computer telephone response systems ask for a bunch of info,. This is done by using Interactive Voice Response (IVR), which. Additionally, the IVR system can also ask for the caller\u2019s"}
{"answer": "Lakes and ponds around the world tend to have fairly. The environment of the lake also affects the type of. Additionally, lakes provide important habitats for a variety of organisms,"}
{"answer": "Bars and clubs typically charge a cover charge, which is. They may also have a \"no cover\" policy, which is. Some bars and clubs also allow bands or performers to. Bouncers may also waive the cover charge for regular customers. Some bars may also raise the prices of drinks to"}
{"answer": "Operator overloading is a compile-time polymorphism in which the operator. It is used to perform the operation on the user-defined. Operator overloading is generally defined by a programming language, a"}
{"answer": "Vanity sizing is the practice of assigning smaller sizes to. This practice has been documented primarily in the United States. Vanity sizing can boost self-esteem, but it can also make. Vanity sizing has been linked to body image confidence and"}
{"answer": "Group mentality is powerful because it is part of human. Studies have also found that people have an ingroup bias,. In addition, mob mentality is often an unconscious process where. People also conform to the group in their everyday life. Finally, being part of a group may make individuals feel"}
{"answer": "After a workout, our body goes into recovery mode and. Blood is pumped into the muscles that are worked out. The body adapts to fitness and grows stronger as a"}
{"answer": "In 2010, Dane Cook's half-brother was convicted of embezzling millions. This may have contributed to his career stalling out, and. He has not developed a sense of humor about the. In the last few years, he has released a few"}
{"answer": "Unfortunately, there is no way to replicate the \"visual effect\". This format is associated with epic spectacle, and the resolution. As such, the visual effect of watching the movie in"}
{"answer": "Calvinism is a major branch of Protestantism that follows the. It emphasizes the sovereignty of God and the authority of. As a theological system, Calvinism presents a comprehensive view of. It is based on the belief that God\u2019s glory is"}
{"answer": "Analog watches feature a so-called date-wheels[3], which means that every. This means that if the month has 30 days, the. For a digital watch, it\u2019s easy to keep track of. A perpetual calendar watch knows the date by being programmed. It takes into account leap years, the 28-days in February,."}
{"answer": "The trick works by desensitizing the cone cells in the. Afterimages occur when the photoreceptors in our eyes are overstimulated. When you stare at a stimulus for a prolonged period. When the image switches to black and white, the opposite. The lack of green tricks your brain into thinking you"}
{"answer": "The use of the number 60 began with the Sumerians. It is believed that they chose these systems because 60. This makes it easier to divide into sections, as one"}
{"answer": "The primary difference between i5 and i7 processors is the. The processor with the higher model number is considered faster[4],. Additionally, the i5 and i7 have different architectures for laptops"}
{"answer": "Fuel stabilizer works to stop the oxidation and chemical breakdown. It also protects against varnish and gum formation, as well. To get the best results, it is recommended to pour"}
{"answer": "The speedometer of a car measures the instantaneous speed of. It works by gauging how quickly the wheels are spinning. The speedometer is part of the instrument cluster which also"}
{"answer": "It would be very difficult to drill a hole to. Even if we assume the hole is wide and perfectly. There could be a crystallized structure between the core and. Newton's laws of mechanics and gravitation cannot be used to"}
{"answer": "It is possible that you are not drinking your whiskey. If you find that you don't like your whiskey neat,. You could also try whiskey in a classic cocktail[4], as. The quality of the water you use can also affect"}
{"answer": "Our peripheral vision is weaker than in many other species,. This is due to the density of the receptor cells. Also, our peripheral vision is poor even in young people. Even when told to look for a world gone gray,."}
{"answer": "When you drink a glass of liquid, your body is. Additionally, drinks with caffeine or alcohol can also cause you. To limit the amount of times you urinate, it's best. If you are still peeing too often despite this, it"}
{"answer": "Child support is typically based on income rather than what. If a parent does not have a source of income,. If the judge believes that the parent is deliberately not. Generally, child support is calculated based on each parent\u2019s monthly. For example, if one parent earned 60% of the income"}
{"answer": "Blankets work by preventing your body heat from radiating out. They can also trap heat and moisture[3], so adding more. Cuddling can also help keep you warm, as it increases"}
{"answer": "The media spends a lot of time covering candidates like. This creates a feedback loop where the more coverage a. This can trap non popular candidates in last place because. Additionally, some media spikes don't always translate into polling spikes[5],"}
{"answer": "Sunni and Shia Muslims share many aspects of Islamic teachings. The primary difference in practice comes in that Sunni Muslims. However, the main difference between Sunni and Shi'ite Muslims is. Sunnis also have a less elaborate religious hierarchy than Shiites. Shiites give human beings the exalted status that is given"}
{"answer": "The term \"film\" became a synonym for movies because it. The word comes from the Old English root word \"filmen,\". Film refers to both the photographic strip of plastic that"}
{"answer": "The core beliefs of American political parties are based on. This includes the belief in liberty, equality, individualism, and the. Parties also have an important role in connecting citizens to. They also perform the essential tasks of recruiting and nominating. However, many Americans have become disenchanted with partisan politics and"}
{"answer": "Broadcasters maximize advertising revenue during live sports by selling air. They also encourage advertisers to integrate their name into the. Additionally, radio advertising is often used in conjunction with television"}
{"answer": "Fevers are caused by chemicals in the bloodstream called pyrogens. When these pyrogens bind to certain receptors in the hypothalamus,. Fevers are more than just a symptom of illness or. They also help fight off the illness because viruses thrive"}
{"answer": "When you swallow a pill, it can sometimes feel like. This is because the pill may be stuck to the. It can also cause esophagitis, a condition where the esophagus. The pill may also be stuck in the esophagus on. To reduce this feeling, it is recommended to take a"}
{"answer": "Despite the passage of the Equal Pay Act in 1963,. This slow progress can be attributed to a variety of. Additionally, the gender wage gap increases as men and women"}
{"answer": "Eye-makeup, such as eyeliner and mascara, can have a dramatic. Additionally, makeup can alter the apparent size of facial features,. Furthermore, women wearing bold and sexy makeup, such as eye. It is likely that this perception is at least partially"}
{"answer": "Sunglasses were originally used to protect pilots from harmful UV. Wearing sunglasses is a shortcut to catching people's eye, as. Certain brands like Oakley have become known as the \"cool. However, sunglasses alone cannot make an otherwise irredeemable outfit look"}
{"answer": "To turn an extra wireless router into a wireless extender,. Then, you need to find a spot halfway between the. Finally, make sure that the extra router you're using supports"}
{"answer": "The main difference between sashimi and sushi is that sushi. Another difference is that sashimi is served on its own,. In terms of the style of sushi, there is a"}
{"answer": "Bluetooth is generally slower than Wi-Fi because it operates in. Additionally, Wi-Fi is capable of streaming high-quality music, video content,. Furthermore, Wi-Fi is able to achieve much higher download speeds. Lastly, Wi-Fi is superior to Bluetooth in terms of range"}
{"answer": "The International Space Station (ISS) takes advantage of several methods. The ISS is placed in a high-inclination orbit, which means. Mission schedules are also designed to minimize astronaut exposure to. Near-term actions include programmatic and operational ways to take advantage. Lastly, the ISS moves along its 16 orbits per day,"}
{"answer": "Tearing up when you yawn is likely due to the. When we yawn, our facial muscles get tightened, and our. This is because when you yawn, you use a lot. While it is normal for some people to tear up. Research is still being conducted to understand why this happens,"}
{"answer": "Humans did not evolve into several different species due to. During the time of the separation of Pangaea, the continents. Even though the separation of Pangaea was responsible for the"}
{"answer": "Canadian healthcare is different from Obamacare in several ways. In Canada, physicians are private providers rather than government employees,. Additionally, health care in Canada is universal and based on. Furthermore, in the US, about half of Americans get insurance. Finally, Canada fares better than the United States with regard"}
{"answer": "The SAP button does not work in reverse because journal. Entries with source documents, such as goods issues or customer. The Reverse Button is greyed out and inactive when accessing. The Reverse button is used in the final step of"}
{"answer": "Pencil graphite is referred to as lead instead of graphite. When the graphite pencil was first developed and popularized in. Since this writing material behaved similar to metallic lead, but. Eventually, the name of the core of the pencil got"}
{"answer": "The idea that losing a shoe in an accident equals. It is not a guarantee that someone will die if. On Reddit, this idea has been perpetuated because of cartoons. The connection being made is that the crashes almost always"}
{"answer": "The different branches of Christianity are no longer combated as. One is the concept of adiaphora, or \u201cindifferent things\u201d, which. With the Reformation in the 16th century, most Protestant churches. Additionally, the lack of a central doctrinal authority in Protestantism. Furthermore, a person must be baptized to commit heresy, meaning. Lastly, Walter Bauer's Rechtgl\u00e4ubigkeit und Ketzerei im \u00e4ltesten Christentum argued"}
{"answer": "Animal cloning is a technique for the production of genetically. It has been used in a number of different applications,. Scientists have successfully cloned cattle, swine, sheep, goats, mice, rats,. Animal cloning can help progress current research and fight the. However, animal cloning can lead to the reduction of genetic"}
{"answer": "It is possible that an alien civilisation could develop a. However, it is unlikely that humans would be able to. Additionally, any alien language is likely to be communicated in. However, it is plausible that any technologically versatile alien civilisation"}
{"answer": "The main difference between a parliamentary and presidential system of. It is also much easier for the legislature to remove. Additionally, in a presidential system, the chief executive and members. Apart from the parliamentary and presidential systems, there can also. In parliamentary systems, the head of government and parliament is. Additionally, in parliamentary systems, the executive is responsible to the"}
{"answer": "We are considered to be carbon-based because carbon is the. It is also the \"glue\" that holds the hydrogen and. Additionally, carbon is necessary for complex biochemical reactions to take. Other substances, such as ammonia, formaldehyde, sulphuric acid, liquid nitrogen,."}
{"answer": "Speed limits are set primarily to balance road traffic safety. Speed limits are used to create a safe and consistent. Lower speed limits are imposed if the road is narrow. Studies have found that when drivers exceed speed limits, they. This is because a wide range of speeds between vehicles. Therefore, speed limits are set rather than a speed range"}
{"answer": "Time was standardized because it is a universal quantity that. It was also easier to standardize a system if fewer. Additionally, measuring time on a smaller scale used to be. The world is still unable to agree on standard units"}
{"answer": "Companies still believe that investing in online ads, such as. Additionally, they can serve ads pre-roll or mid-roll that viewers. Furthermore, even though people have the ability to block YouTube. Finally, YouTube accepts the loss of ad costs from ad"}
{"answer": "Quantum suicide and quantum immortality are concepts related to the. Quantum suicide is a thought experiment in which a variation. Quantum immortality refers to the subjective experience of surviving quantum. Hugh Everett did not mention quantum suicide or quantum immortality. As a thought experiment, quantum suicide is an intellectual exercise. Anthony Aguirre, while personally skeptical of most accounts of the. As a form of Pascal's Wager for suicide, quantum suicide"}
{"answer": "A burning sensation in the nose can be caused by. Treatment for nose burning depends on the underlying cause[4]."}
{"answer": "Sinkholes typically happen when the rock below the land surface. As the rock dissolves, spaces and caverns develop underground and. Sinkholes can also be triggered by gradual dissolution or by. Altering land in these ways can weaken the underlying rock."}
{"answer": "It is possible that mobile ads are intentionally the last. Google has attempted to reduce the volume of these accidental. They have also implemented protections like edge clicks and fast"}
{"answer": "Lobbying activities can greatly benefit society by providing access for"}
{"answer": "Hot water in hotels is usually produced by heating water. In large hotels, the hot water is distributed to all. This ensures that the water never gets cold and hot. This system is used to accommodate the increased demand for"}
{"answer": "Pornography sites stay in business by cooperating with rival sites. They also invest a lot of money into technological advances. Additionally, the pornography industry has more leeway to conduct technological"}
{"answer": "Encryption works by using an encryption key to scramble the. The encryption key is a piece of information that controls. In order to protect against the possibility of the NSA. Additionally, encryption keys may have an active life shorter than. Finally, full disk encryption is a good starting point for"}
{"answer": "The cost of making and shipping pennies includes some fixed. However, producing the penny still costs taxpayers money, as in. Aaron Klein estimates that the United States could see $1.78. Without pennies, the Mint would be forced to make more. So, even though the cost and production of other coins"}
{"answer": "Fascism is a form of far-right authoritarian ultranationalism[5] which is. It is often considered a form of totalitarianism[4][5], in which. It involves an alliance of hardline and moderate conservatives seeking. It has a focus on resurrecting an illustrious past and. The main problem with fascism is that it suppresses opposition,."}
{"answer": "The argument of \"Separation of Church and State\" and \"Under. Opponents of the phrase argue that it violates the Establishment. Proponents of the phrase argue that the US is a. The phrase was added to the pledge in 1954 by. Critics of the phrase argue that the use of it. A current Massachusetts case challenges the Pledge from a different"}
{"answer": "The main difference between Dijon mustard and yellow mustard is. Dijon mustard has a more complex flavor and is spicier. Dijon mustard is also creamier than yellow mustard and contains. In terms of appearance, dijon mustard has a thicker consistency,. Both types of mustard have a strong taste that can. Finally, Dijon mustard is made with white wine, while yellow"}
{"answer": "There are several reasons why famous people are not getting. One is that few people are willing to give up. Another reason is that since famous people have security, anyone. Additionally, many leaders are morally appalled at the idea of. Finally, assassinations have a dramatic effect and can have a"}
{"answer": "Yes, fruit and vegetables evolved too. Botanical fruit, which includes some vegetables (like cucumbers), but not. Research suggests that the way ancient artists depicted these foods. Before modern cultivation, ancient tomatoes were the size of berries,. Modern-day crops no longer resemble what they used to be"}
{"answer": "Speed caps are used by ISP's to limit the speed. ISP's claim that increased demand for content such as high-definition. The use of data caps has been criticized for becoming. U.S. internet service providers have most recently asserted that data caps. Mobile data providers use a soft cap to limit high-bandwidth. Soft caps work by throttling your speeds once you use."}
{"answer": "Short-sightedness (myopia) is a very common eye condition and affects. It occurs when the clear front surface of the eye. If you look in a mirror which is close to. A convex mirror can cause the object to appear even"}
{"answer": "A hair transplant is a medical procedure that involves transferring. This is usually done using individual hair follicles which are. The most popular method of hair transplantation is Follicular Unit"}
{"answer": "Graphics cards are identified by a combination of letters and. The first number in the name (e.g. 7 in GTX 760) generally indicates the generation of cards. The second number in the name (e.g. 6 in GTX 760) usually indicates the performance level of. For NVIDIA cards, the 700-735 cards are considered low-end or. Enthusiast-class cards are the 770 cards and beyond[1]. For AMD cards, the 500 series to the Vega series,. After you've determined which series the card is, you can. The XT models indicate a slightly faster variant of the"}
{"answer": "You can hear a TV from another room, even if. This high frequency noise is constantly on, even with the. Although the volume is off, the speakers are still producing"}
{"answer": "In the American healthcare system, \"single payer\" refers to a. There is no consensus on the definition of single-payer, but"}
{"answer": "Gatorade is mass produced by PepsiCo and is distributed in. It is manufactured in research facilities, pilot plants, and full. The researchers figure out the exact formula they want for. The brand has a marketing strategy that enables it to"}
{"answer": "An application programming interface (API) is a way for two. It is a type of software interface, offering a service. It is also a method for calling computer code to. APIs originated in the 1940s, though the term did not"}
{"answer": "The main difference between satire and parody is that satire. Satire is focused on the bigger picture and has a. Satire is defined as the use of humor to criticize. Parody is based on other artists\u2019 work that is exaggerated"}
{"answer": "There are several reasons why insurance is handled by private,. One is that private health insurance schemes are defined as. Another reason is that the potential for profits motivates insurers. Additionally, private for-profit insurance companies are incentivized to pursue economic. Finally, government insurance programs may be based on weak rationales"}
{"answer": "The major differences between major fighting games and how they. Street Fighter has a deeper engine that allows for more. Mortal Kombat is more focused on the concept of fighters. Street Fighter is a 2D game with cartoon graphics and. In terms of competitive play, Mortal Kombat is still a"}
{"answer": "Financing a car through a bank can be cheaper than. This is because banks may already have an established relationship. Banks also offer preapproval options which can make it easier. Additionally, when financing through a bank you have the advantage"}
{"answer": "We do not yet know the perfect diet for humans. Humans can be very healthy on a wide range of. This is likely due to the fact that humans evolved. Therefore, the perfect diet for humans is likely one that"}
{"answer": "The rules of Australian Rules Football are as follows: it"}
{"answer": "Airplanes don't have headlights in the traditional sense, but they. Landing lights are the most common illuminations on an airplane,. Other lights include red and green LEDs on each wing"}
{"answer": "Sleeping in a colder room can improve your sleep quality. This is because our body temperature naturally drops at night,. Additionally, sleeping in a cold room can rev up your. Cold weather may also make it more difficult to fall"}
{"answer": "It depends on the type of license that was purchased. If the license is a Volume Licensing program, the product. If the software was purchased with a retail key, it. The license key will be displayed in the \"Downloads and"}
{"answer": "Contagions can spread from contact with an open wound to. In this process, the virus spreads to other organs through. Virions then enter the lymphatic vessels, which lead back to. Contagions can also spread through contact with contaminated objects or"}
{"answer": "Increasing the minimum wage can have both positive and negative. It can raise the earnings and family income of low-wage. However, it can also cause other low-wage workers to become. The effects of a minimum wage increase vary depending on. It can also affect employment, as it increases the cost"}
{"answer": "Trained muscles get more volume rather than density because doing. Density training workouts typically involve supersets or circuits to increase. This type of workout is recommended because it increases the. Training for dense muscle or big muscle comes down to. If you want to become more powerful or improve athletic. On the other hand, if your end goal is to"}
{"answer": "The European Union was created to bind the nations of. It is one of several efforts after World War II. The European Union was created as a result of post-war. The EU is able to maintain its mission of continuing"}
{"answer": "Yes, he may be violated Federal Interstate laws if the. This is because some criminal acts are federal offenses only. District Court[2]. Examples of such crimes include, but are not limited to,. Additionally, when a railroad has already provided adequate accommodations at. Furthermore, a law that forfeits the right of an admitted. Finally, according to federal law, all prosecutions for crimes or"}
{"answer": "The ozone hole is still there, but it is on. The hole was first discovered in 1985 by scientist Joseph. Farman and his colleagues, who found that atmospheric ozone over. If no action had been taken, the decreased ozone levels. The hole is a human-caused hole in the ozone layer"}
{"answer": "The cool patterns that you see when you put pressure. However, it is not recommended to do this often or. Other causes of eye strain include looking at screens for"}
{"answer": "The United States and Saudi Arabia have been allies for. They share a strong economic relationship, with the United States. They also have common interests in regional security, oil exports. Additionally, the US-Saudi alliance is resilient due to their close"}
{"answer": "Brick and mortar retailers can continue to exist with online. They can also maintain their share of the business and. Additionally, brick-and-mortar businesses are still holding up well versus online. Furthermore, brick-and-mortar retailers can take advantage of improving online technology."}
{"answer": "The reason why shower water become hotter when someone flushes. When the toilet is flushed, cold water is temporarily siphoned. To fix this issue, it is important to schedule regular."}
{"answer": "It is likely that even the most isolated tribe in. They are also aware of the presence of outsiders and. Most of our knowledge of uncontacted tribes comes from encounters. There are estimated to be between 100 and 200 tribes"}
{"answer": "Hot objects glow because they are emitting light due to. As an object heats up, it first turns red, then. This is due to the quantum mechanical processes that allow. The temperature at which an object starts to glow visibly. This is why stars and other objects can be approximated. This is also why we naturally associate color with descriptions"}
{"answer": "Antiseptic mouthwashes can kill nearly all germs and are most. The traditional approach to treating sore throat is to assume. However, gargling salt water may be more effective for eliminating. Medicated gargles like Betadine Sore Throat Gargle, which contain povidone-iodine,"}
{"answer": "Infinity Tables are interactive coffee tables that feature over 960. The LEDs make up a total of forty individual infinity. These tables are popular among Infinity the Game players, who. Infinity Tables can be seen at two day ITS events,"}
{"answer": "PIN codes are not needed for online transactions because the. Also, PINs are usually only required by the merchant at. There are some circumstances at the physical point-of-sale terminals when. However, PINs are required for ATM transactions and for using"}
{"answer": "An orchestra conductor's primary job is to prepare the musical. Additionally, the conductor is also responsible for making creative and. Lastly, the conductor serves as a messenger for the composer,. In order for everyone to follow the conductor's cues, he"}
{"answer": "Governments cannot print \"temporary\" money to cover important expenses because. This is because printing money in a situation where demand"}
{"answer": "The cranes that are used to construct high-rise buildings and. There are three ways to make them taller: the external. In the external climbing method, the base of the crane. Then, the crane is fastened to the building with steel. In the internal climbing method, the crane stands inside the. A hydraulic cylinder at the crane\u2019s base elevates it through. Finally, in the 'skycrane' method, the crane is airlifted in"}
{"answer": "Cooking wine is not regulated in stores like regular wine. Additionally, because it is not intended to be consumed, IDs. Furthermore, it is not regulated by the liquor patrol board,"}
{"answer": "Cocaine is produced from the leaves of the coca plant. The leaves are harvested and soaked in gasoline and other. The leaves are then drained and mixed with lime and. The leaves are usually soaked again before draining a final. Ultimately, the leaves are strained away and the resulting product. The photos below, taken by the Associated Press' Rodrigo Abd"}
{"answer": "Dolphins are considered to be smart/advanced because they have extraordinarily. They are capable of complex problem solving and social interaction[1][3][4][5],. They can learn new information and skills, and can pass. Additionally, they can manipulate their surroundings for their benefit, such"}
{"answer": "If a country invaded another and the invaded country couldn't. This was a common occurrence during the Middle Ages, as. It was almost impossible for any medieval ruler of substance. Warfare was dictated by the length that an archer could. It was also fueled by a desire to protect or"}
{"answer": "There are several factors that make it difficult for the. Firstly, producing truly elite goal-scoring talent is exceptionally difficult, requiring. Additionally, even soccer-playing powerhouses like England, Spain, and France don't. Also, Messi is on the shortlist for \u201cbest player of. Finally, even with the increased access to money and youth"}
{"answer": "Increasing the minimum wage and setting a maximum wage could. It would also reduce income inequality and serve as a. Additionally, it would raise the incomes of people who make. Moreover, it could help reduce the federal budget deficit by"}
{"answer": "Cosplay is generally done for an event, such as a. However, hardcore cosplayers may travel to multiple events in a. Additionally, many cosplayers create their own outfits, referencing images of. Cosplayers may also wear wigs to further improve the resemblance."}
{"answer": "Mercury is the chosen substance for determining the temperature because. It is also cheap to acquire and very accurate at"}
{"answer": "Menstrual synchrony is the idea that women who spend a. This phenomenon was first documented in a 1971 study by. Since then, multiple studies have been conducted on female roommates,. However, many of these studies have mixed findings, and two"}
{"answer": "Stars appear to have points sticking out of them because. This diffraction creates a pattern consisting of a bright spot. The 5 pointed star might have originated from the way. This phenomenon is often mistaken for twinkling, but stars do"}
{"answer": "When you put a cup near your ear, you are. This is why the sound changes when you move the. To help hear the faint sound better, try tweaking your. You may have very sensitive ears if you find yourself. It may help to put a fan on high or"}
{"answer": "There are several reasons why you may feel too hot. If you're feeling too hot, it may be because the. If you're feeling too cold, it may be because you've. Additionally, certain medications or underlying medical conditions can contribute to. Lastly, it may be due to wearing too many layers"}
{"answer": "It is possible to make an app that is a. A few developers have already demonstrated that this can be. There is, however, a web app called Pressure Scale that"}
{"answer": "In space, rockets use a process called Newton's Third Law. This law states that for every action, there is an. In the case of a rocket, the action is the. The gas that the rocket creates is going to naturally"}
{"answer": "The law allows companies to purchase or merge with other. The law bars mergers when the effect \"may be substantially. Mergers and acquisitions must follow certain procedures and are divided. The process of mergers and acquisitions in India is court. In addition, Indian law ought to recognize contract based mergers. All of these measures help to prevent monopolization and keep"}
{"answer": "The United States FDA does not create a daily multivitamin. The FDA attempted to restrict the amount of each vitamin. RDA, and only allowing a few combinations of vitamins to. The FDA was only able to move against the manufacturers. Furthermore, the FDA does not regulate vitamin supplements like they"}
{"answer": "There are several reasons why rain may make people tired. One is the lack of sunlight, which can have the. Additionally, the overcast, often gloomy atmosphere of a rainy day. Furthermore, the pink noise caused by the sound of rain. Lastly, lower barometric pressure, which tends to accompany stormy weather,"}
{"answer": "Launch nuclear waste into space or the sun is not. Additionally, nuclear waste is extremely hazardous and can cause contamination. There have been some studies that have looked into the. Moreover, hydrogen-fueled vehicles provide an alternative to electric vehicles that"}
{"answer": "Smoking food is an effective form of food preservation because. The combination of smoke and salt also helps preserve meat. The smoke helps to dry the meat, which is accelerated. Additionally, in the past, smoking was used in combination with"}
{"answer": "When you stare at a moving pattern for an extended. Your brain is still predicting movement, and adjusts the image. This phenomenon is known as a peripheral drift illusion, and"}
{"answer": "Saturday morning cartoons are idealized because they were a shared. They were also heavily promoted[4] and were a phenomenon that. Saturday morning cartoons also had a specific target audience, as. They were also often created to meet regulations on children's"}
{"answer": "Television stations measure television viewing habits by using a rating. This system involves attaching devices to thousands of televisions in. The Broadcasters' Audience Research Board in the UK also collects. The information gathered from these ratings provides valuable insights into. The Nielsen company measures it by hooking up special boxes. In the U.S., the term \"TV ratings\" is synonymous with"}
{"answer": "In most cases, walking away from a home loan is. However, it may be a good idea in rare cases,. In non-recourse states, there may be some situations when it. However, even if none of the many programs designed to"}
{"answer": "The process of photographing the Supermoon is identical to photographing. Photographers aim to capture the magnitude of the Supermoon and. The location, the idea, the planning, and the camera settings. The necessary camera equipment includes a tripod, a telephoto lens,. The best time to shoot the Supermoon is during moonrise"}
{"answer": "Octanes are a family of hydrocarbons that are typical components. Octane gas comes in several different grades, with each number. Stated simply, octane is a refined fuel with eight carbon. An 87 octane fuel normally means it is comprised of. Automotive manufacturers are examining clean octane sources as a way"}
{"answer": "We drink cow's milk instead of human milk because cow's. Additionally, human milk is intended only for babies and it. Drinking milk from cows has also been a practice for. Finally, drinking cow's milk may provide antibodies against some diseases"}
{"answer": "Silicon is often used in science fiction to create alien. Silicon-based life is usually portrayed as rock-like[3], and they are. In addition, Siliconers are often unable to eat the same"}
{"answer": "The current patent controversy between the top tech companies Google,. involves a recent surge in litigation, with the Big 5. Apple and Google have recently lost legal battles over patents. In order to avoid these legal consequences, these major tech. This is part of a recent spike in patent litigation,. The likely casualties of this patent war are the young"}
{"answer": "Games are typically cracked by bypassing digital rights management (DRM). In some cases, crackers might have to buy the game. Piracy is rampant across gaming platforms, with cracked games being"}
{"answer": "Carbon dating, also called radiocarbon dating, is a method of. Carbon-14 is continually formed in nature by the interaction of. Radiocarbon dating works by comparing the three different isotopes of. Carbon-14 dating is used to date archeological artifacts of a"}
{"answer": "It is taking them so long to come out with. Additionally, there may have been supply and production issues, as. Furthermore, it usually takes at least two or three years. Finally, a lot happened in the one year between Oculus"}
{"answer": "Different cheeses made from the same type of milk may. The mineral content of cheese is largely determined by the. This pH is dependant on starter activity, which is influenced. Additionally, Lawrence et. al. (1984) suggested that Cheddar is a popular variety because it"}
{"answer": "When water is photographed with a camera lens, it can. The type of lens you are using can influence the. Older lenses tend to produce straight edges and hexagonal shapes,. The bokeh is also affected by the lens\u2019 diaphragm blades,. Polygonal bokeh shapes, such as hexagons, can be harsh and. If your lens has a tendency to produce strong hexagons,"}
{"answer": "Pi is infinite because the number of decimal places can. This is because pi can be calculated by considering polygons. Additionally, infinity is not always undefined arithmetically and can have. This was first explored by the Greek geometer Archimedes, who. Finally, pi has no exact numerical representation in a finite"}
{"answer": "Morning Hands is the synthpop duo of Douglas Du Fresne. They create customised gifts[3] and have performed alongside artists such. Morning Hands is not related to the medical condition \"morning"}
{"answer": "The public criticism of labor unions may be due to. Unions provide a voice for workers, advocating for higher wages. They also help workers win benefits such as health insurance. Despite the positive effects of labor unions, only one in. This may be due to the fact that corporations viewed. Research has also found that where workers have union power,"}
{"answer": "One reason why there is more focus on colonizing Mars. Additionally, there is valuable information that can be learned from. Additionally, colonizing the Moon may help muster the political will. Finally, colonizing the Moon may be quicker and easier than"}
{"answer": "Doctors stop applying a defibrillator after a couple of tries. Additionally, during a heart attack, a person is still able. Thus, if the person can talk to you, it is."}
{"answer": "It is possible to program a computer by using machine. The job of the programmer is to feed the correct. Programming languages provide a means of bridging the gap between. A program that helps you get lines of code in"}
{"answer": "We are able to find planets far away from the. However, we don't know if there are other planets in. To determine whether other planets might be habitable, scientists can"}
{"answer": "Rooting is a process of possessing the ultimate access on. It can be used to remove preinstalled bloatware and crapware,. However, rooting can also cause poor performance and void your"}
{"answer": "In the United States, FM radio stations end in odd. This rule does not hold in other countries, such as. The reason they are odd numbers rather than even numbers. AM stations do not follow this rule in the US,"}
{"answer": "In the context of classical music, repertoire area is referring. For example, a repertoire area could be Baroque, Romantic, Classical,. It is a collection of music pieces played by an. Depending on context, it could also mean the complete set. A repertoire exam offers candidates the opportunity to present an"}
{"answer": "It is unclear why Mitt Romney will not release his. Romney has said that Donald Trump must release his tax. Additionally, Romney has invited speculation as to what information his. It appears that Romney is not following a proud bipartisan"}
{"answer": "The main reason is because of a labeling loophole that. The manufacturer can jiggle the serving size so that each. Examining the labels of the two bags of chips can"}
{"answer": "China and India are the two most populous countries in. According to the United Nations\u2019 2019 World Population Prospects report,. This is likely due to a combination of factors including. Additionally, Nigeria is set to be the third most populous"}
{"answer": "Electrical grounding on ships is a complex process as it. The main task of grounding is to reduce the voltage. The engineer must select a system that is best fitted. Grounding is not applicable for installations with the voltage below. Engine, mast and other metal objects for DC circuits cannot. It is also prohibited to combine protective and working grounding. When selecting the grounding method on ship, the primary factor"}
{"answer": "Kissing is driven by biological and evolutionary factors. Our lips and tongues are packed with nerve endings, which. Humans are biologically driven to press their faces together and. Kissing triggers the release of hormones, such as oxytocin, which. It is believed that kissing may have developed as a"}
{"answer": "The primary difference between general relativity and special relativity is. General relativity describes the relationship between an observer and acceleration,. Special relativity is applicable if the objects and waves are. Similarly, special relativity assumes a constant speed of light, while. The key difference between special and general relativity is that"}
{"answer": "Border control in the Southern and Northern US works by. Along the Southern border, this includes operations such as Operation. The greatest number of apprehensions have occurred along the easternmost. Safeguarding the Southern U.S. border is the responsibility of the Department of Homeland Security"}
{"answer": "Big trucks have large, convex hubcaps and lugnuts on the. This design also helps to achieve a balanced weight distribution. The truck rear wheels are concave to make room for. This design helps to cut the overall cost of building"}
{"answer": "The GED is the \"General Educational Development\" test, which is. People make fun of those who take the test because. It can also be a way for someone to make. To help stay motivated, it is important to surround yourself"}
{"answer": "The exact size of the Internet is very difficult to. Eric Schmidt, the CEO of Google, estimated the size of. The size of the Internet can also be measured in. According to Russel Seitz, the best way to conceive of. The Internet's size is a moving target and is growing"}
{"answer": "Artificial flavoring is a safe and edible chemical composition that. Most artificial flavors are specific and often complex mixtures of. These mixtures are formulated by flavorists to give a food. The list of known flavoring agents includes thousands of molecular. Artificial flavoring is exactly the opposite of natural flavoring in"}
{"answer": "Wells can be built in various ways, depending on the. A dug well is built by excavating a hole into. The other methods include driving, drilling and percussion machines, which. In highly developed countries like the U.S., specific regulations are"}
{"answer": "The size of raindrops depends on the process of formation. In principle, condensation of moist air at high altitudes causes. As soon as those drops get big enough, they start. If they encounter other little drops on their way down,. Another factor is that if a raindrop is bigger, it. On the other side of the size spectrum, we have. According to research, the shape of the raindrop also changes. The size of raindrops is not indicative of how much"}
{"answer": "Space agencies take many precautions to ensure they are not. They use a technique called \"trajectory biasing\" to ensure the. They also employ a planetary protection protocol, which classifies missions. Additionally, astronauts are working carefully to ensure that they don't. They care because they want to protect any potential life."}
{"answer": "We are not concerned with bacteria, viruses, and other microorganisms. For example, alcohol has a broad and strong virucidal activity. In addition, sterilizers have the strongest type of public health. Although some bacteria are becoming more tolerant of alcohol-based hand."}
{"answer": "Death is a natural process that marks the moment when. It is a series of events where your body slowly. The exact experience of dying can vary from person to. According to major Eastern religions, there is something about you"}
{"answer": "The idea of \"seeing the light\" when passing away originated. People who have been close to someone \"crossing over\" have. Nurses who have cared for the dying, and have heard. From the stories of these experiences, people began to believe. Examples of people who have seen the light include a"}
{"answer": "Brainwaves are electrical signals that are generated by the neurons. They are measured in hertz (Hz) and can be divided. Binaural beats are a type of sound wave that can. This is achieved by playing two slightly different tones into. This causes the brain to interpret the sound waves as. This can be used to produce specific, desired types of. Additionally, soundwaves can be used to stimulate the brain and"}
{"answer": "A Markov chain is a stochastic model that outlines the. It is important because it has the Markov property, which. This property makes it a powerful and effective tool for"}
{"answer": "The Holocaust is so much more popular than other historical. Furthermore, it is possible to sharpen understandings of the similarities. Additionally, the Holocaust can be related to other genocides for"}
{"answer": "There are several reasons why your stationary leg may hurt. These include tendonitis, muscle sprains from over-skating, wrong skating technique,"}
{"answer": "The significance of the MPAA joining the W3C is that. The MPAA's joining of the W3C also comes at a. As a member of the W3C, the MPAA will be"}
{"answer": "Electricity doesn't actually \"want\" to be grounded. It only goes into the ground if there is an. The Earth is like a gigantic battery that contains a. This charge is referred to as electric potential energy[5]. Ground is defined as voltage=0, so a circuit being grounded. Therefore, electricity will naturally move to a ground point to. If there was a bigger planet, electricity would still be"}
{"answer": "In the event of a corporate bankruptcy, the unpaid bills. Depending on the circumstances, a court may pierce the corporate. The company's debt is prioritized in the bankruptcy process, with. The federal bankruptcy laws govern how companies go out of"}
{"answer": "Bushfires can be caused by both natural and human causes. Natural causes include lightning strikes that ignite dry plants and. Unfortunately, most bushfires are started by humans, either on purpose"}
{"answer": "Food companies determine the expiration date of a product based. They may also use mathematical models based on microbial challenge. Regulations regarding the production and sale of food usually require. Smaller companies may list a date on their product based"}
{"answer": "Generally, the voices from the apartment above are easier to. This is because of the outdated architecture and infrastructure of. Additionally, loud noises can easily travel to units on the"}
{"answer": "No, you should not take any antibacterial medicine for any. You should consult your doctor or pharmacist before taking any. Additionally, if you have had an allergic reaction to an. It is also important to follow the directions on the"}
{"answer": "Rumble strips are rows of raised markers that can be. These are intended to alert drivers that there is some. Milled-in rumble strips ground into the pavement are preferred over. There are multiple types of rumble strips, and their uses"}
{"answer": "The U.S. military uses exciting action commercials and other fanfare for recruiting. The commercials also emphasize personal development and don't portray an. Additionally, the commercials play on human weaknesses and are part. Historically, the military has used posters and newspaper ads to"}
{"answer": "The ultimate drive for survival is the need to reproduce. This is true for all living things, and is the. We want to survive because there are things we want. However, even though many of us strive to thrive, the"}
{"answer": "During an autopsy, a coroner will typically order a post-mortem. Establishing the identity of the deceased is of paramount importance[3],. The Coroner's Liaison Officer will contact the family as soon"}
{"answer": "After burning your tongue from hot food, it is important. Pain medications, such as over-the-counter NSAIDs, can help reduce pain. It is also important to drink cold water to regulate. Lastly, the cells in your taste buds regenerate every one"}
{"answer": "A dark oven interior helps to create more heat around. The dark color also helps to absorb more of the. On the other hand, a shiny interior only sends or"}
{"answer": "The reason why water tastes bitter after eating pineapples is. This enzyme breaks down proteins in flesh, which is why. When the enzyme in your gums meets the enzyme in"}
{"answer": "The shape of a tree's leaves is determined by its. Leaves are adapted to cope with different environmental conditions, such. Sun leaves are usually smaller with less surface area to. Also, some plants change the shape of their leaves over"}
{"answer": "Refined and processed foods with high amounts of added sugar. This can lead to insulin resistance, obesity, diabetes type 2,. In addition, sugar is a term that includes all sweet. This is why sugar is considered to be the unhealthiest"}
{"answer": "The reason why things like the Westboro Baptist Church and. In 2010, the Supreme Court ruled in favor of the. Additionally, some people believe that silencing their websites will only"}
{"answer": "Glaciers and ice caps are made of freshwater, not frozen. This is because freshwater freezes at a higher temperature than. Icebergs are pieces of glaciers, formed of compacted snowfall, and. Even though icebergs and floes float in saltwater, they don\u2019t"}
{"answer": "The vast majority of 8-bit (and some 16-bit) video games. This means that games must use different fonts for different. Additionally, while the 8-bit and 16-bit consoles may not be"}
{"answer": "The purpose of sharps and flats in the chromatic scale. This rule is also used when playing a chromatic scale. The use of sharps or flats is closely related to. In the example of the chromatic scale below, notice that. This is a common convention for notating chromatic scales[4]. Also, remember how the chromatic scale works: use the sharps"}
{"answer": "Brightness and staring too much at a screen can produce. Spending too many hours staring at a screen can cause. Poor posture and excessive brightness or over-illumination can also trigger. Focusing fatigue can also cause computer eye strain, and to"}
{"answer": "Tourette Syndrome (TS or Tourette's) is a common neurodevelopmental disorder. It is characterized by multiple movement (motor) tics and at. These tics often go unnoticed by casual observers[1]. The tics are typically preceded by an unwanted urge or. It often occurs in children between the ages of 2"}
{"answer": "The Bible is composed of two sections: the Old Testament,. The modern Protestant Bible typically contains 66 books and has. The Old Testament is considered to be a very important. Despite popular belief, modern historical study has not been able"}
{"answer": "Virtualization is the process of running a virtual instance of. It is realized with the help of software \u2013 a. A hypervisor provides the ability to separate the machine's resources. It also allows you to split that one system into. Virtualization lets you carve up resources within a physical machine"}
{"answer": "The reflexes that cause your eyes to close before you. In particular, the blink reflex protects the cornea from drying. The blink response causes the eyelid to close and this. This secondary pathway is activated by the same touch pathway"}
{"answer": "A GPS unit requires signal from at least 4 satellites. The GPS receiver determines its own location by measuring the. The satellites transmit the exact time the signals are sent,. Additionally, the GPS system needs to have incredibly precise clocks"}
{"answer": "Different types of crabs have different methods for breathing in. Aquatic crabs have gills like fish and can go out. Terrestrial crabs have lungs and can hold a bubble of. Intertidal crabs have gills and also have cuticles on their. Land crabs are unable to breathe underwater, but they can. Finally, some species of crabs have specialized organs that allow"}
{"answer": "Flies and other insects are capable of learning, but they. The reason they are able to outmaneuver swats from humans. Flies have compound eyes, which allow them to see all. They can also rely on nonvisual cues, such as small"}
{"answer": "Ticket scalping is the act of buying tickets in an. Scalpers (or ticket touts in British English) then work outside. Scalping tickets refers to the advance purchase and resale of. Scalpers use so-called \u201cscalper bots\u201d to buy as many tickets. The tickets are then sold at a higher price to. There is an argument that ticket scalping actually enhances the"}
{"answer": "Antimatter is a material composed of so-called antiparticles. It is believed that every particle we know of has. Antimatter is composed of subatomic particles that have the mass,. Matter and antimatter cannot coexist at close range for more. Antimatter can be artificially created in particle accelerators[4], and experiments. Other groups of physicists are researching to see if the"}
{"answer": "The main difference between Meth and Adderall is that meth. Specifically, methamphetamine is more potent than amphetamine, which is one. This chemical difference makes it easier and faster for meth. Meth can produce an increased sense of euphoria, confidence, and. In addition, street meth is typically mixed with cutting agents. Meth can cause much more intense stimulating effects than Adderall[5]. When you smoke meth, large amounts can reach the brain"}
{"answer": "Physical tests cannot be used to detect mental illness because. Screening tests can be used to look for signs of. The best way to determine whether physical symptoms are related. Additionally, mental illness can cause physical illness, but some doctors"}
{"answer": "Japan has a small market for records by popular western. Also, Japanese labels often offer extra tracks not available on. In addition, Japan's manga market is enormously larger than the. These are some of the reasons why there are so"}
{"answer": "The main reason why games for consoles lack mod support. Mod support on consoles would be a great burden for. Additionally, the majority of games on console have issues maintaining"}
{"answer": "According to research, the ability to make caffeine evolved at. Coffee uses a completely different set of genes than tea."}
{"answer": "It is theoretically possible to convert charge from lightning rods. Additionally, due to the efficiency of the process, it would. Therefore, due to the complexity and inefficiency of the process,."}
{"answer": "Flossing is an important oral hygiene habit that helps to. It is recommended to floss once per day before or. Floss is commonly supplied in plastic dispensers that contain 10. After pulling out approximately 40 cm of floss, the user. Flossing helps lift and release food and plaque stuck in. Super Flosses are a type of dental floss threader that. It is claimed that up to 80% of plaque can"}
{"answer": "It is easier to doze off during the day after. During the day, the light helps to make your body. Establishing a routine, such as an order of activities at. Developing a relaxing bedtime routine to prepare your mind and. Additionally, avoiding drinking alcohol late at night can help improve"}
{"answer": "When someone wins a new home from a television show. The winner will usually receive the associated prizes like the. However, the show is often scripted, edited, and directed to"}
{"answer": "Prisms split apart the different colors of light because each. This is why when you shine a flashlight in a. However, lenses don't disperse light as efficiently because convex lenses. However, it is much less efficient than a prism because"}
{"answer": "Mountains are typically triangular in shape due to natural erosion[1][4]. This is because mountains were created in a primordial environment[5],. This explains why many mountains have a steeper side (the. This is why volcanoes, which were formed by eruption and"}
{"answer": "Donuts are considered a breakfast food because they can be. However, they are usually limited to a snack or dessert. Additionally, donuts should only be consumed once in a while"}
{"answer": "Detox water can be beneficial for your health as it. Additionally, detox water can help to extract the nutritive benefits. Drinking detox water can also help to improve your gut. Therefore, drinking detox water in addition to having a normal"}
{"answer": "A tune-up on a car typically consists of an engine. Additionally, it might include a complete check of the vehicle's. Nowadays, the term \"tune-up\" is used incorrectly to describe any. However, a true tune-up is made up of an inspection. The inspection includes a visual check of the engine's fuel-system."}
{"answer": "Drone attacks have become increasingly controversial in recent years, with. The victims of these drone attacks have been heard in. The lawsuit was prepared by the European Center for Constitutional. On March 13, 2019, an administrative appeals court in Northern. drone strike[5]."}
{"answer": "Student loan jargon can be confusing to understand. Student debt refers to loans taken out to pay for. College financial aid letters can be misleading and confusing and. Student loan debt in the United States has grown significantly. To borrow money for college, a student loan is an. Be careful when taking out student loans, as it is. government[5]. That's why it's important to understand the different types of."}
{"answer": "Cops wear oxford shoes rather than running/sports shoes because they. Additionally, tennis shoes don't hold up to everyday use as. Furthermore, oxford shoes have stiffer soles for more support and. Finally, dress-style shoes look better with a uniform[5]."}
{"answer": "Yes, the Wi-Fi owner can see all the websites you. They might also be able to monitor what you do. If someone is the administrator of the Wi-Fi network, they. So, if you don't want to risk your personal or"}
{"answer": "Telecom companies are allowed to be regional monopolies without antitrust. This was supported by the 1956 consent decree against the. The Telecommunications Act of 1996 withdrew approval of the ILECs\u2019. It also authorized them to enter the long-distance market and. The shift also gave rise to many local providers, which. Moreover, since the ILECs were born in a traditionally unregulated."}
{"answer": "The ends of your fingers can hurt after you cut. When you cut the nail too short, this exposes the. If the pain and tenderness linger for days and is"}
{"answer": "The value of following orders in the military is important. According to Nuremberg Principle IV, \"defense of superior orders\" is. The Nuremberg defense is considered to be invalid because, although"}
{"answer": "Steakhouse restaurants cook a lot of steaks at the same. They also use timing to ensure the steaks are cooked. Additionally, they flip the steak multiple times\u2014as often as once"}
{"answer": "No, OJ cannot be prosecuted for the murders even if. Even if the knife is from O.J. Simpson's former property and implicates him in the killings[4], he"}
{"answer": "Porting a PS2 game like Metal Gear Solid 2 to. Bluepoint Games was responsible for porting Metal Gear Solid 2. Genki worked on porting Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker[2][5]. Aspect Co. reworked the original Metal Gear and Metal Gear 2: Solid"}
{"answer": "The water spray from the shower can feel cold when. This causes warm water to evaporate faster, making the bathroom. Also, when you're in the shower you're feeling heat transferred. In some cases, the temperature knobs may have been inverted,. Additionally, when you have the cap turned all the way"}
{"answer": "The majority of films that have action scenes usually have. It also allows the directors and sound engineers to use. This contrast and surprise from things being quiet to being. Additionally, movies are mixed for surround sound and for movie. Finally, this is generally not a problem in commercial cinemas,"}
{"answer": "It is possible to negotiate with a lender to repay. You may be able to get a more reasonable payment. You may also be able to ask the collection agency. Creditors may also wait until you have missed at least"}
{"answer": "A trust fund is a legal entity that provides financial,. It is an agreement where a person or group of. A trust fund is managed by a trustee, who is. The assets remain in the trust until certain circumstances are"}
{"answer": "Scientists speculate that certain \"noises\" such as a fingernail scratching. This triggers the same alarm bells in our heads as. This theory is supported by a study conducted in 2012,"}
{"answer": "If the US Government paid off all its debt, it. It could also potentially help the US Government make more. However, it might not change the near-term or long-term fundamentals[3],"}
{"answer": "Electric motion detecting hand towel dispensers are typically more expensive. They use a sensor to detect the user's hand motion. The motion sensors help to encourage a sanitary environment since"}
{"answer": "Programs are allowed to use 100% CPU in order to. However, when using standard programs like Microsoft Office or graphic. Having a PC with a CPU at 100% all the. It is also possible that malware or viruses on your"}
{"answer": "According to the references, it is theorized that the hottest. However, it is not possible to heat a body to. The highest temperature an object can be is not known,. While it is theoretically possible for an absolute heat to."}
{"answer": "The difficulty in opening a refrigerator door the second time. When a refrigerator door is forced shut quickly or slammed. This creates a vacuum which causes the door to be. The larger the temperature difference between the inside and outside"}
{"answer": "The SpaceX Raptor engine is a methane fueled full flow. It is the first engine of its kind to ever. It is expected to eventually power the company\u2019s Starship to. It is a fantastic engine to fulfill SpaceX\u2019s goals for. The Raptor engine was first publicly discussed by SpaceX's Max"}
{"answer": "Yes, we can please try to keep questions in this. If you are looking to advertise your product or brand. You can find subreddits that are most used by your. Subreddits are sub-communities about a variety of topics and areas,. In some cases, you can even create a separate subreddit. Additionally, Reddit also features special terms for some subreddits[1]."}
{"answer": "The 13 colonies in the United States eventually joined together,. The colonies all had well-established systems of self-government and elections. Despite their differences, the colonies did have some key unifying. However, the colonies were too jealous of their separate powers. Additionally, the colonies were separated by geographical distance, differences of"}
{"answer": "English poetry no longer has a strong culture because the. In addition, the original traits of Old English poetry, which. Finally, the rise of print culture has altered the way"}
{"answer": "Inhaling and exhaling at certain points while doing abdominal exercises. First, breathing helps stabilize the torso and allows muscles on. Secondly, it is necessary to follow the principle of breathing. Additionally, inhalation during abdominal exercise can help with respiratory training,. Lastly, exhalation is important during weight lifting because it reduces. Lastly, belly breathing (using the entire abdominal area for oxygen"}
{"answer": "Defragging rearranges the layout of files on your hard drive. This process can increase data access performance for mechanical Hard. Defragging can also help solve and prevent a number of. Additionally, it is a safe process that is part of"}
{"answer": "The term 'unisex' was coined in the 1960s and was. The combining prefix uni- is from Latin unus, meaning one. Unisex then means something that is shared by both sexes. It is typically used to refer to clothing shops and"}
{"answer": "An engine works by taking in air and fuel, compressing. Turbochargers and superchargers are called forced induction systems, as they. The key difference between a turbo charger and a super. This means that overall turbochargers operate with higher efficiency, utilising"}
{"answer": "Soap operas look the way they do because of the. They are meant to feel like theatrical productions, with stories. The \"soap opera look\" is the result of budget limits. To get a soft glow around characters, production crews on. Before the 1970s, many soap operas were broadcast live, giving"}
{"answer": "Companies typically determine the cost of acquiring a customer by. Companies should strive to spend 33% or less of the. CAC is the total sales and marketing cost required to. The Cost per Customer Acquisition (or CAC) is the metric"}
{"answer": "The Manson Family was a commune, gang, and cult led. The group consisted of approximately 100 followers, many of whom. Three Manson women participated in the most notorious acts of. The members of the Manson Family are extremely numerous; at. Much of the research on the Manson Family has been. According to Los Angeles magazine, former Family member said, \"Charles. People will say, 'He's in jail.' But Charlie is exactly"}
{"answer": "Yes, besides cannabis, there are several objects that naturally contain. These include spices, herbs, plants, vegetables, and desserts. The three main forms of cannabis products are the flower/fruit,. Marijuana or marihuana (herbal cannabis) consists of the dried flowers. Australia's National Cannabis Prevention and Information Centre (NCPIC) states that. Cannabis tea, which contains relatively small concentrations of THC because"}
{"answer": "G force suits work by using inflatable bladders and stretch. This prevents the rush of blood to lower parts of. The Air Force is currently testing a new Advanced Technology"}
{"answer": "Fostering is when someone brings a child into their family. Foster parents work with Children's Aid staff to develop and. The goal of fostering is to provide children with alternative. Foster parents receive funding support from their local child welfare. The key goal of foster care is to ensure that"}
{"answer": "There are three standard grades of gasoline: 87 AKI (regular. Regular unleaded is the lowest octane rating and cheapest option,. It is important to select the right grade of gas. The different grades of gas usually have names such as. The price differential between the grades of gasoline can help"}
{"answer": "The exact cause of mouth ulcers is still not known. However, there are some common causes and several factors that"}
{"answer": "The main difference between a prime minister and president is. Additionally, a person gets to be either president or prime. For the most part, presidents are elected by the people[1],. The differences between the two can vary greatly depending upon. For example, in some countries the president is responsible for"}
{"answer": "The maximum wattage for a CFL bulb is 25 watts. To replace a traditional 60-watt bulb, buy a 15-watt CFL[1][3][4][5]. If you want more light, you can bump up to. It will take 4 1/3 CFL lamps at 23 watts. Remember that the wattage listed on the label of newer-technology"}
{"answer": "We are not constantly terrified of death or knowing how. Also, by living in denial of death, we can train. Fear of dying, on the other hand, is more focused. Additionally, research has indicated that the Eastern philosophy of death,"}
{"answer": "There is relatively little research on the effects of marijuana. Marijuana use is especially prevalent among young people, and studies. Additionally, there is evidence to suggest that heavy marijuana use"}
{"answer": "The advantages of deregulation include the stimulation of economic activity. On the other hand, the drawbacks of deregulation include concepts"}
{"answer": "The United States uses NATO to intervene in other countries. The U.S. also argues that NATO should have the right to act. However, given the lack of consensus within NATO on when. favors leaving the decision on whether or not to use. The U.S. does not have an obligation to intervene in Ukraine if"}
{"answer": "While the Taliban has spokespeople and Twitter accounts, it is. Twitter has allowed them to keep their accounts[2][3], and it. Twitter often and quickly bans accounts it deems to be"}
{"answer": "Air moves in planet earth due to uneven heating by. This process takes place in the troposphere, the lowest layer. The air cools until it descends, creating a high pressure. A few basic principles explain how and why air moves,. Additionally, the consistent pattern to how air moves around the"}
{"answer": "Smart cards, also known as chip cards, are credit cards. The chip and PIN technology was developed to reduce point-of-sale. merchants are mandated to accept EMV cards or face potential. The chip provides additional security for consumers and businesses and"}
{"answer": "The Electoral College is a system in the United States. The Electoral College system is an important part of American. Proponents argue that if the US were to abolish the"}
{"answer": "Eggs are used as an ingredient in every single recipe. They may be used to add structure, flavor, texture or. Eggs are also natural binders, helping hold all other baking. Additionally, egg whites have the capability to gel and are"}
{"answer": "Aloe vera has anti-inflammatory compounds that can help reduce the. It can also help to moisturize the skin and prevent. A few studies have also shown evidence that aloe vera. The American Academy of Dermatology also recommends using moisturizers containing. However, it is important to remember that preventing sunburns is"}
{"answer": "Before takeoff, there is no air conditioning on the plane. Firstly, the APU (Auxillary Power Unit) needs to be started. Secondly, there may be delays in preparing the aircraft, such. Lastly, the engines need to be run every seven days"}
{"answer": "Educated/teachers and professors tend to be more liberal because they. This is further supported by data from college seniors surveyed. Additionally, lots of kids tend to become more liberal when. It is important to note, however, that while there is"}
{"answer": "The random pains we sometimes experience for a second or. Referred pain occurs when signals from different parts of the. Acute pain typically comes on suddenly and has a limited"}
{"answer": "Scientists have not been able to figure out exactly why. However, they have come up with a few theories. One is that it is used for navigation and that. Another theory is that light signals an escape from potential. Lastly, insects may be attracted to light because of its. However, the sun is too bright and too hot for"}
{"answer": "Alaska does not have a tax exemption for foreign employees,. The tax exemption provided under the Vienna Conventions or a. If the immigrant is from a country that has an. tax [4]. However, this tax exemption only applies to compensation received for. source income such as interest, dividends, rents, or royalties [5]."}
{"answer": "After death, the human body undergoes a series of biological. These changes are caused by two key factors: decomposition islands,. Forensic archaeology and anthropology are used to study the changes"}
{"answer": "Breathing in through the nose and out through the mouth. Nose breathing is more natural and helps your body effectively"}
{"answer": "Muscle twitches, also known as fasciculations, are minor, involuntary, repetitive. They are usually caused by the nerves sending signals that. Muscle twitches can be brought on by moving or just. They are usually not cause for serious concern, although in. To address the problem, you can try relaxation techniques or"}
{"answer": "Emergency brakes, also known as parking brakes, are auxiliary brake. The term \u201cemergency brake\u201d is derived from the fact that. However, today these brakes are mostly used for parking[4]. Some automakers call it a parking brake, while some call"}
{"answer": "It is not possible to reuse candles with the used. Other ideas to reuse the wax include mixing it with"}
{"answer": "Guy Debord's concept of the 'spectacle' is a polemical and. It is the everyday manifestation of capitalist-driven phenomena such as. Debord introduces three forms of the spectacle: the diffuse, the. The spectacle functions as a pacifier for the masses, a. Debord said the spectacle says nothing more than \u201cthat which"}
{"answer": "The shower curtain rod in hotels is bowed out to. The curved shower rod pulls the shower curtain even further. It is designed to fit in standard 5 foot bath"}
{"answer": "Anti-satellite missiles are weapons that can temporarily impair or permanently. They are usually launched from the ground or from the. They can be used to disrupt crucial intelligence during war[3]. India tested an anti-satellite weapon on Wednesday, using a locally. A similar weapon type, called co-orbital anti-satellite weapons, are first"}
{"answer": "Chameleons and some squid are able to change colour due. Chameleons do not modify their hues by accumulating or dispersing"}
{"answer": "Cheddar cheese is a hard English cheese made from cow's. Cheddar cheese has more flavor compared to American cheese, which. The ingredients of American cheese include cheddar cheese, whey, water,"}
{"answer": "Pumping your arms while running helps to reduce the overall. According to Newton's Third Law, every action has an equal. Research has also shown that arm swinging uses less energy"}
{"answer": "Einstein's reasoning referenced by Brian Cox in this video on. Cox\u2019s experiment was to prove a more interesting hypothesis put. Cox explained Einstein's theory by saying that the reason objects. This \"happiest thought of my life\" was put to the"}
{"answer": "The reasons why rich nations closer to Syria, such as. Additionally, these countries are providing financial aid to the Syrian. Furthermore, these countries have the resources to take in the"}
{"answer": "White trails from airplanes, commonly referred to as condensation trails. These trails form when water vapor condenses and freezes around. Contrails are actually a type of cirrus cloud and can"}
{"answer": "A car driving through the hot sun does not get. The car parked in the hot sun will heat up. Even if the car isn't left in direct sun, it"}
{"answer": "Bratislava is located at the outskirts of Slovakia because it. Located only 60 km from the Austrian capital Vienna, it. It is also situated in the southwestern Slovakia, within the. Additionally, Bratislava is the seat of the Slovak parliament, presidency,."}
{"answer": "The expiration date on painkillers is the date that the. The expiration date does not necessarily indicate a point at. The U.S. Food & Drug Administration (FDA) began requiring expiration dates to. Therefore, the expiration date is a critical part of deciding"}
{"answer": "When charging a battery, the chemical reactions within the battery. This takes energy in and stores it by resetting the. Electrical current passes through the battery and its specialized circuit,. Additionally, some rechargeable batteries may lose their charge when not"}
{"answer": "The NFL has taken an informal approach to scheduling games. Typically, the majority of each week's games are played on. The rule was designed to encourage ticket-holders to show up. Since 2018, NFL Network has exclusively aired three or four"}
{"answer": "Old people sound \u201cold\u201d because as we age our vocal. This causes higher pitched voices that sound thin, and less. Other factors such as physical and social activity can also. Additionally, speech comprehension can decline with age, especially if the"}
{"answer": "Humans (and most mammals) have individual teeth instead of a. This is unique to mammals, who also have heterodont teeth,. Additionally, most mammals are diphyodonts, meaning that they have two. Other vertebrates, such as reptiles and fish, have teeth that"}
{"answer": "People look away from the point of focus to think. Research has found that people who look away to consider. Looking to the left is often associated with reminiscing or. Constant and unwavering gaze is also a sign of attention[5]."}
{"answer": "Automatic machine translation is difficult because it provides literal word. It also fails to discern spelling errors, genders, and proper. Despite being increasingly integrated into the tools we use every"}
{"answer": "YouTube uses speech recognition technology to generate subtitles for videos. The subtitles are generated within a few hours to a. If the subtitles do not generate automatically, it could be. Users can edit the automatically generated transcript directly in YouTube. Once the subtitles are edited and the user is satisfied"}
{"answer": "Certain vibrant colours, particularly those on the far ends of. Bright yellows can also cause eye strain after long periods. Staring at bright lights can damage your eyes because the. Bright, saturated colors can also overstimulate the retinas and strain. Eye discomfort can be caused by any light source, including"}
{"answer": "Negative gearing is a tax policy that allows investors to. This policy is used primarily by average workers who in. It is argued that negative gearing inflates house prices, making. Additionally, the relatively low housing supply in Australia is seen. There have been numerous discussions about abolishing Negative Gearing due. If negative gearing tax concessions for property were to get"}
{"answer": "A hedge fund is an alternative investment fund that pools. Hedge funds are typically managed by institutional investors who utilize. The primary goal of a hedge fund is to produce. Hedge funds are not regulated as much and operate with"}
{"answer": "The white, cloudy trails airplanes leave behind in the air. They are created by the water vapour[2] that is released. These contrails will gradually dissipate over the course of a"}
{"answer": "Consumer debt is considered to be a suboptimal form of. It is on the rise in the United States due. If not managed properly, consumer debt can be financially crushing. Consumer debt consists of those loans used for personal consumption"}
{"answer": "The Dakota Access oil pipeline is a half-million-barrel-a-day project that. The protests against this project have become a huge story. The lack of rigorous safety measures for the crude oil. These concerns are valid, as the pipeline poses a threat"}
{"answer": "The aspect ratio of a screen or image is the. Resolution, on the other hand, refers to the number of. Common aspect ratios are 16:9, 4:3 and 21:9, and these. For example, the 16:9 aspect ratio has the following resolutions:"}
{"answer": "The potential health risks to humans of pervasive plastic contamination. Additionally, plastics increase disease risk by acting as a vessel"}
{"answer": "Stains can become permanent if they are caused by certain. Certain types of fibers, such as wool, cotton, silk, and. Additionally, using the wrong stain removal methods or not treating"}
{"answer": "Sound can travel through walls due to sound reflection and. Sound waves reflect off solid materials such as walls, pillars,. Flanking noise is when sound travels around, under, and over. An example of this is hearing your neighbor's TV and. Additionally, sound energy can travel through the wall by vibrating. If you can feel a vibration on the wall, then. If you can't feel a vibration but can still hear"}
{"answer": "Controlling bowel movements while sleeping involves establishing a bedtime routine. Eating meals at least two hours before going to sleep. Additionally, getting a good night's rest can act as a"}
{"answer": "Stephen Hawking's speech translator works by using a speech-generating device. The computer system was replaced every two years to cope. The user interface (now called ACAT, after Assistive Contextually Aware. Hawking also used a spelling card, and a computer program. Finally, he used a speech synthesizer (developed by Speech+) to"}
{"answer": "It is natural to fear for your safety when a. People may unconsciously laugh when they are afraid or hurt[1],. Laughing is also a way to say 'I'm friendly and"}
{"answer": "The Yugoslav Wars were a series of separate but related. Its constituent republics declared independence, despite unresolved tensions between ethnic. The Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) reported in 1995 that 90. The US and its allies in the North Atlantic Treaty. The US and its allies were motivated by the desire"}
{"answer": "Cold weather can make scrapes and other injuries feel more. Cold weather can cause skin to dry out and crack,. Cold weather can also force your muscles to work harder. In addition, decreased levels of exercise during winter months, pain"}
{"answer": "Freckles are the result of an overproduction of melanin, a. Melanin also protects our skin from sun damage by absorbing. Frequent sunburns and a gene known as MC1R, which provides. Despite the fact that skin cells constantly regenerate and replace"}
{"answer": "Trees and coral are able to constantly grow while humans. This means that they will keep growing until they die,. Trees, for example, get taller and thicker with age as. Corals also grow in winter and summer due to seasonal. Lastly, coral reefs are able to grow and maintain their"}
{"answer": "A web scraper is a specialized tool designed to quickly. It is used as part of the web scraping process. Web scraping tools can be large frameworks designed for all. Web scrapers can extract all the data on particular sites. Web scraping requires two parts, namely the crawler and the. The crawler is an artificial intelligence algorithm that browses the."}
{"answer": "Cooking with azeotropes is a form of distillation used to. An azeotropic mixture is one in which the vapour and. Azeotropes are composed of two or more components that form"}
{"answer": "Getting the \"wind knocked out\" of you is an idiom. This is actually a diaphragmatic spasm caused when a sudden. This usually happens after a blow to the abdomen or. This state of paralysis usually resolves within a few minutes[5]."}
{"answer": "Poop is almost always brown because of the processes and. Bile and bilirubin, which are both a yellowish color, mix. This is because your body is typically very good at. Poop is not always brown and its color can vary,"}
{"answer": "If mosquitos were to disappear, the entire ecosystem would be. There would be a cascade effect across food chains and. This would be particularly difficult for specialized predators such as. The absence of mosquitoes would also disrupt the food chain. Other insects and fish that feed on mosquitoes would also"}
{"answer": "Water is reflective because the wave impedance of water is. When the water in a lake or sea is very. However, when there are ripples or waves in the water,. The index of refraction of water (1.33) is significantly larger. Additionally, depending on conditions, water or even glass will reflect"}
{"answer": "Queen Elizabeth II is the head of state of the. Historically, the British monarch used to have actual legislative powers,. She has the ability to \u201cbe consulted, to encourage and. As head of state, Elizabeth II exercises the discretionary power. She also promotes British goods when she visits other countries,. Her position is mainly ceremonial and honorary in nature."}
{"answer": "Ears are shaped the way they are for the purpose. This allows us to hear the sounds of nature and. The shape of human ears helps us hear better[2][3]. Ear lobe shapes, whether attached or low hanging, tend to. Ears are also a unique and individual piece of anatomy[5]."}
{"answer": "Houses in suburbs are usually numbered in a peculiar way. In some areas of the world, including many remote areas,. In Europe, the most common house numbering scheme is to. In Uruguay, house numbering starts at a high number among. In the rural parts of Finland, a variant of this. In Venice, houses are numbered within six named series (one"}
{"answer": "Eating a big meal can cause the food to linger. It can also cause digestive fluids to sneak back up. Eating too quickly can also cause you to overeat before. Lying down after eating a big meal can worsen heartburn[1],"}
{"answer": "People may be scared of bugs due to their alien. People may also fear bugs because, even though they are. Additionally, some bugs bite or sting and can spread diseases[5],."}
{"answer": "Modern art tends to be more about the idea behind. Modern art also plays an essential role as a stimulus. Furthermore, modern art aims to reject traditional aesthetic values through. In comparison to Postmodern Art, Modern Art remains strongly connected"}
{"answer": "The main difference between rap and hip hop is that. Rap is a musical genre of American origin characterized by. From a community message angle, rap is a tool used. To sum up, musically, both hip-hop and rap have some"}
{"answer": "We figured out what each of our organs do by. For example, the heart needs to know when the digestive. We also determined the identity of organs by determining their"}
{"answer": "There are several reasons why things physically hurt more when. One is that the nerves in your hand get much. Also, cold temperatures can trigger a body's chemical response to. Additionally, the body's natural reaction to extremely cold temperatures is. For people with chronic illnesses, such as rheumatoid arthritis, the. Lastly, cold weather makes us less active, leading to decreased"}
{"answer": "Computers convert binary into instructions by translating the binary code. and explains how the binary should interact[1]. Binary is also converted to text by assigning the data. The computer then uses the ASCII standard conversion to convert. For example, the binary 01101010 can be converted to the."}
{"answer": "It is racist to make decisions based on race because. Research has also shown that racism, including unconscious or implicit. This can lead to higher treatment dropout, lower participation in. Race is not a reliable predictor of outcome or behavior"}
{"answer": "Integral spin (also known as integer spin) is a quantum. Half-integral spin (also known as half-integer spin) is a quantum. Particles of integer spin obey Bose-Einstein statistics, whereas those of. All known fermions, the particles that constitute ordinary matter, have. Particles having net spin 1/2 include the proton, neutron, electron,. The dynamics of spin-1/2 objects cannot be accurately described using"}
{"answer": "Women moan and scream during sex for a variety of. One reason is because it is an automatic response to. Moaning also helps women to get their brain where their. Additionally, some women may moan and scream as a way. Finally, moaning is a form of expressing an indescribable time"}
{"answer": "The US chose not to include the release of prisoners. The US government has maintained that the issue of the. Furthermore, the $400 million payment to Iran was not a"}
{"answer": "Chewing mint gum causes a thermal illusion that happens when. This is because the mint flavor contains methanol, which triggers. This is why water feels colder when you chew minty."}
{"answer": "The green shimmer that sometimes appears on bacon is usually. It is the result of nitrite reacting with the myoglobin. In most cases, a light green sheen on your bacon. However, discolored bacon may indicate that the meat is not. This includes bacon with a greyish tinge, green spotted areas,"}
{"answer": "Reading is good for the brain because it helps to. It also heightens overall brain function and increases memory[5]. Furthermore, reading is linked to a longer life and can"}
{"answer": "The Moon is the official name of Earth's satellite in. Other languages have different names for Earth's moon such as. Other moons in the solar system have been given names,. The primary reason why our largest satellite does not have"}
{"answer": "The different voltages used in different countries are rooted in. Europe originally used 120V, just like Japan and the US. The US decided not to change due to the cost. Many nations also use different plugs and a number of. It is also important to check if the device is. The different voltage standards are believed to be rooted in"}
{"answer": "The Middle East has been in chaos in the past. These include the incompetence, repression, and corruption of their regimes,. Additionally, the region is facing a race against the clock"}
{"answer": "Dental identification is done by comparing a deceased person\u2019s teeth. Forensic dentists can also estimate a person's age and ethnicity. However, if there is no name to compare the dental"}
{"answer": "SethBling managed this code injection in Super Mario World by. He used the \"powerup\" glitch to make it seem like. He then added code to the game that enabled him. Finally, he exploited a tiny hiccup in the Super Nintendo"}
{"answer": "Creationists are often opposed to the theory of evolution because. Creationists also argue that evolution is a religion and that. According to a study, 29.7% of students chose a special. Therefore, it can be concluded that Creationists disbelieve in evolution"}
{"answer": "Debates between republican and democrat candidates are called debates because. During the primaries, debates are typically formed from agreements between. However, many republicans have been avoiding debates as a way"}
{"answer": "Quantum computers can break the encryption we use to protect. Grover's Algorithm weakens the standard symmetric algorithms, so key size. Shor's Algorithm, on the other hand, completely breaks all the. This means an attacker can recover the key being used. As a result, new asymmetric algorithms that are secure against. While quantum computing will break much of our current encryption"}
{"answer": "North Korea adopted the title of \"Democratic People's Republic of. This title was adopted in 1948 after the division of. Despite its official title, North Korea's political system is actually"}
{"answer": "A computer screen works by displaying information relayed to it. This information is processed in real-time, allowing users to interact. Most computer screens use cathode ray tube (CRT) technology, which. Flat screen displays like laptops and panel monitors use liquid. Laptop displays are fully integrated into the computer itself and"}
{"answer": "The euro is currently worth slightly more than the U.S. dollar in international markets[1][5]. This is due to the U.S. dollar surging in value so much that it is nearly. This means the two currencies are worth the same amount[3][5],. The U.S. Dollar Index, which measures the value of American money against"}
{"answer": "The suit became the norm for formal dressing everywhere due. Additionally, the morning coat gradually rose in relative formality and"}
{"answer": "Many companies still view tattoos as unprofessional because they are. There has been a shift in company protocols and the."}
{"answer": "Cheese has been a part of French cuisine and culture. One is that the French have an obsession with rules. Another reason is that cheese is viewed as a symbol. Finally, cheese originated as a peasant food in medieval times"}
{"answer": "Sous-vide is a method of cooking that involves vacuum packing. It literally means \u201cunder vacuum\u201d in French[1]. It is suitable for the preparation of meat, fish, vegetables,. There are advantages to this cooking technique, such as it"}
{"answer": "Banks are very careful when it comes to the numbers. A bank would not be able to artificially inflate someone's"}
{"answer": "A law needed to be passed telling federal employees that. Insider trading laws in the United States are a patchwork,. In December 2020, a letter was written to congressional leaders"}
{"answer": "Waking up at 2:30 AM can be caused by a. When you wake up suddenly in the middle of the. This can cause any worries or problems that didn't seem"}
{"answer": "Mathematicians and astronomers are able to predict solar and lunar. Ancient astronomers were able to predict eclipses with less accuracy,. Ancient people also used the Saros cycle, which is a"}
{"answer": "We crave the cold side of the pillow because it. Our bodies like to be surrounded by an environment that. The colder side of the pillow allows us to cool"}
{"answer": "Getting the wind knocked out of you is actually a. When this force, usually from a fall or sports injury,. This pressure results in a spasm, or 'freezing,' of the. It usually only lasts a few minutes before the diaphragm."}
{"answer": "Audio vacuum tubes are small devices used within the circuitry. They are used to create the characteristic sound associated with. Tube World Express is a division of Tube World, Inc. that offers the best sounding audio vacuum tubes on the. Western Electric engineered, designed, produced, or experimented with over 785. Tube World stocks one of the most extensive inventories of"}
{"answer": "The Large Hadron Collider has had a significant economic impact. It has been estimated to have cost $5 billion to. In addition, it has been shown to yield significant socio-economic. It has also had a positive impact on education and. However, the proposed Future Circular Collider (FCC) is uncertain to. Therefore, the economic impact of the Large Hadron Collider on"}
{"answer": "Libertarians oppose the militarization of police forces as they believe. At the same time, they ardently support the 2nd Amendment. They are opposed to any form of gun control, as. They also reject any form of gun registration or background"}
{"answer": "It is so hard for smokers to stop smoking for. Nicotine is highly addictive, making it difficult for smokers to. Also, most people who smoke started when they were children,. Additionally, nicotine can give smokers a temporary high, and when. Lastly, quitting smoking requires a lot of willpower and multiple"}
{"answer": "Facebook and Google use tracking technologies like web cookies to. This data is then compiled by marketers and ad tech. This means that even if you get off of Facebook. This can be very annoying after purchasing or researching something"}
{"answer": "Flies keep on landing on the same spot after being. Also, flies have compound eyes that allow them to see. They are also attracted to sweat and other secretions on"}
{"answer": "It is possible that a \"wood age\" existed for certain. Historian Yuval Harari writes that the Stone Age should more. There is evidence to suggest that a wood revolution occurred. However, due to the lack of organic material that has"}
{"answer": "Death row inmates are housed separately because they are subject. They are typically placed in solitary confinement until their execution. Additionally, death row is one of the highest-security housing units"}
{"answer": "The National Security Council (NSC) is an executive branch governmental. The NSC lies at the heart of the national security. The NSC was established by statute in 1947 to create. The statutory members of the Council are the President, Vice. The National Security Council differs from other federal agencies as. It is also responsible for processing FOIA requests for classified"}
{"answer": "Some people think that federal debt doesn't matter because as. However, others think that federal debt does matter because it. Additionally, rising debt increases expectations of higher rates of inflation,. Furthermore, people may not be aware of the effect the"}
{"answer": "The general rule for title case is to capitalize all. However, some style guides may have different rules, such as. Additionally, some style guides may also require that even short"}
{"answer": "Toothpaste works to clean headlights because it contains gentle abrasives. The ingredients in toothpaste make an effective headlight cleaning material[4],. Another effective solution to clean headlights is a combination of"}
{"answer": "World War II veterans who were disabled were eligible for. In the United States, disability payments for wounded WW1 veterans. There is no set amount for all veterans. In Canada, a disability pension is provided to veterans who"}
{"answer": "Machine learning is a subfield of artificial intelligence that enables. Computers do not experience cognitive dissonance, which is the mental. Cognitive dissonance is based on the idea that when two. It can interfere with our perceptions about ourselves and our"}
{"answer": "Twitter is considered a reliable, relevant, and serious source for. Additionally, Twitter facilitates the discovery of news outlets and journalists. Traditional news media outlets are still essential because they provide. However, reliable, relevant, and serious news sources do not consider"}
{"answer": "The association between mice and cheese is more of a. Mice are not actually particularly drawn to cheese because cheese. Also, scientific studies have shown that mice tend to prefer. Furthermore, mice have very sensitive noses and the sharp, pungent. In fact, a study by Dr. David Holmes found that mice don't like cheese at all"}
{"answer": "In tonal languages, speakers use intonation and pitch to convey. Tone is used in tonal languages to change the meaning. In contrast, non-tonal languages such as English use tone to. Tone is used to convey emotions such as fear, anger,"}
{"answer": "Investing in stocks means that you own a piece of. When corporations go public, they issue stock on an exchange. Stocks, shares and equities work by giving direct exposure to. You can invest in stocks by purchasing whole or fractional. Most investors own what\u2019s called common stock, which comes with. As the company grows, you can expect the stock to"}
{"answer": "The key difference between bribery and lobbying is that bribes. Bribery is considered illegal, while lobbying is not[3]. Bribes are given to an official directly for the purpose. Critics of lobbying suggest that it is bribery in a. A bribe giver usually gives an offer of money \"under."}
{"answer": "The second postulate of special relativity states that the speed. This postulate is in contrast to the first postulate which. The second postulate has been argued to be too incidental. The derivations of the generalized Lorentz transformations seem to imply"}
{"answer": "Adhesives are substances that can hold materials together by surface. The stickiness of adhesives is due to their viscoelastic properties,. Things like sugar or honey, which just feel kind of"}
{"answer": "The Universe is thought to be infinitely large and without. Therefore, no matter where you are in the Universe, you. This expansion has been happening for 18.9 Billion years, so. The Universe is not like a ball, but rather it. That is why it is impossible for the Universe to"}
{"answer": "Despite smoking having been banned from the skies for decades. This is because people will still try to break the. Having ashtrays on planes is one of the many means"}
{"answer": "Humans generally get into cold water slowly and uncomfortably, because. This response is even more extreme when your airways are. With each exposure, the body adapts and the effects of. Furthermore, entering cold water too quickly can be dangerous for. In contrast, animals do not have the same physiological response"}
{"answer": "In general, a cyclone is any kind of circular wind. Hurricanes and typhoons are the same thing, but in different. Hurricanes occur in the Atlantic and typhoons occur in the. Hurricanes, cyclones, and typhoons are all types of tropical storms[1][2][4],. Tornadoes are different altogether\u2014they are funnel clouds that form from. Tornadoes are much smaller in scale than hurricanes[2][4]."}
{"answer": "The sudden urge to cough while using Q-Tips is caused. This is an example of a biological glitch or mix-up,. This phenomenon is common in both adults and children with"}
{"answer": "Pregnant women are restricted from roller coasters, hot tubs, flights,. because such activities may cause health risks to the pregnant. Roller coasters and other thrill rides are marked with precaution. Additionally, amusement parks are good at identifying rides that pose. Even some \"tamer\" rides, such as the Kilimanjaro Safari at. Furthermore, Disney, Six Flags, Busch Gardens, and even local state"}
{"answer": "Cell phone towers are often disguised to blend into their. This is required by municipalities in many cases[3] and is. One common method of disguising mobile phone masts is to. In some cases, cell towers are disguised as pine and"}
{"answer": "In solitary songwriting or sole writing, one person is responsible. According to Billboard, 44% of the songs that reached number. Lionel Richie and Diane Warren are the only songwriters with"}
{"answer": "Svartifoss waterfall has square-shaped basalt columns because the hexagonal basalt. This can be seen in the design of many Icelandic. The waterfall is surrounded by dark lava columns and looks"}
{"answer": "Bosnia and Herzegovina is a parliamentary representative democracy with a. It has a Constitutional Court that is the country\u2019s highest. There are classic checks and balances in place, such as. The book referenced in Refrence provides an introduction to the"}
{"answer": "Recent data breaches have been caused by a variety of. In April 2021, Facebook was hacked and their database was. Hackers also stole the details of 617 million online accounts. The biggest data breach in history is the Yahoo! Data. In Ukraine, a volunteer \u2018global cyber army\u2019 hacked several Russian. In late March 2021, Apple and Meta were caught out"}
{"answer": "Depression is believed to be a combination of genetic and. It is thought that as many as 40 percent of. Genetic factors may combine with environmental and other factors to. It is also possible that in some cases, the tendency. Although depression is more common in people whose family members"}
{"answer": "If you were quiet for years, you may experience a. You may also be able to relax more in natural. However, diving straight into a ten-day silent retreat might not. It is not known for certain what would happen if."}
{"answer": "SMPTE timecode is a set of cooperating standards to label. It is presented in hour:minute:second:frame format and is typically represented. It is defined by the Society of Motion Picture and. There are also drop-frame and color framing flags and three. Other varieties of SMPTE timecode can include extra information in. It is also used to create a control track longitudinal"}
{"answer": "Yes, imaginary numbers can be represented visually. They can be represented as a pair of numbers (a,. Additionally, they can be thought of as vectors and can. Imaginary numbers can also model anything that rotates between two"}
